#EXTM3U
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", 71 Bangla TV
http://?c0oxZHdOVGE2OUdhMDVXTjVGMWFMeFVkanhrVTNkM05TdEdjaXBuZEhkVWFsUjBjVHBtUngwRVUyTlZjUjVHZE9GM1ZvdEdUMGdFZXZrR2NzZG1XejVXTnlrWGI2aFdhNlpVZQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/371/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_330756001564829116.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Aakash Aath
http://?PT13Y0hwbE1CVkRXMDFVUlcxV1l2YzNNdFZHUzBSbWIyVlVaYUJGYXg5V09wUjNaSVJITVpOWFkybzJidUJ6ZE9GVVR6QmpVVWQwZDRKWGR5SjBNbVpVY0xCSFpRVmpNcnBGZGhwM1RxcFdSTnBtTWhobGMwWlhTSHhHV3JKbVp3RW5TdkkzTUIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Abasar TV
http://?dkoxZHdOVGE2bEhhMDVXTjVGMVpMeFVkanhrVXpkM05TRlhVbGgyTG9sblZJTkVhRnhXYzJwMFFuSldRM2czTHRsR05HVldPdDFXYTVVbWV0TldUdFprWlVSMVEza21kdFJtZQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", ABTV USA
http://?dEoxZHdOVGE2VkhhMDVXTjVGVmFMeFVkanhrVW5kM05TRlhVbFIzTG9sblZJTjBjRnhXYzJwMFEzSldRM2czTHRSbk53cFdlWFJIYlA5MGJaRjBSd1JrTlIxR1pHMVdWbnBuUQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/73n4apmZhr6.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Akash 8
http://?dkoxZHdOVGE2OUdhMDVXTjVGRmRMeFVkanhrVXFkM05TZG1NNGdYWWloMFFhUkVjbmxHUjJOMGR0Vm1hV0ZtZHNCM01hTjFMVFIwWjNnMFlaVkZlNVZFUmtkSGN0NUdSMGxsV1NsR2F4VkVWRWxXVW5GME55TUhNTGRtZFFCbFRCWlViMGdYUnZVV2VxdGtWVFZrTVZwWFYyZEdXM2tFY3R4RU0zcFZjeU56Vlhsa2JzWkhkdmdFZHlrVGN5NDJSMnBGTTQxa01UZG5VeXRtUU5GMU56SUZjRkZXTm5ObWU1TkVPaHRFYVpWWFQwSlhOQ0pqYjNFVlpOMUdUb2RIYXdvMFRwVkhPMlVVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/692/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_253296001609763294.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Ananda  TV
http://?PT13YUhwbE1CVkRXMTFVUlcxV1l2YzJNdFZHUzBSbWMyVlVaYUJGYTQ5V09wUjNaSWRHTVpOWFkyb0didUJ6ZE9GVVQ0QlRSUWhETkU5bVFzWjJUUVIzYXpnMFlZVnpVdk5FU0laMUtSZFdWamRUV29OSGRKcDJhWFIxTHBKVFQ0SVhUbjVtUlIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/HRjXQdYEqsE.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Ananda TV
http://?ckoxZHdOVGE2cEdhMDVXTjVGVmNMeFVkanhrVTNkM05TZG1NNHNXWWloMFFhUlVjbmxHUjJOMGQzVm1hV0ZtZHN4Mk0zRm5RVWRIZHFoMWRTSmtjb1ZYVDRCbmM0ZDNWemdFVFl0VWR2QTFRS3QwZHBOMWJyTUVlNkZIUlVkbWR4VWpkcFZWUTNJM1RyaDJiUVptVkdkM1V5VmtlcEpGYVo5aWNPRlhRcHAyUVJwbFUyRW5jQnhtUUxGRGJ3TVZRNXhVVm9GV090OWlUNEozTTVRRmJDZFRkdjhHTTRrVVZuUkhXdWR6VHhvM2F2UW5XMjFVZVdCWFRCbFRZNGxGU25wWE56Sm5XM2RXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Ananda TV
http://?bkoxZHdOVGE2eEdhMDVXTjVGVmNMeFVkanhrVTNkM05TRm5RTlZuYVJsMVMxcG1jaXhFYUNaRGRvWlRha3RpTTVRblR5VmxZa3hVYTVrVGVqTjNMcGgwU3lsblZCcFhZS2RtVg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/landscape/HRjXQdYEqsE.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", ANANDA-TV
http://?PTBtVTNCM01wcG5ib1JuYjFrWFVudEVUMU5HVFNwM2QzSTFadkFEZHZKVFlzaFdWdUpIVHZSbFF5OVdWQlZIT2hKVGF6SVhhWXRXUzQ1bU1zbEVOUGRXUjNaM1NRVkZhdWgwYmlsbFp2TmpiS0YzVkdWSFczdGtab2xHYjB3VWJrRldPMGRWUmxoMlpQWkhSQngyYkhGVGVIVnpWcjhXV3VsRFMxSTJaQ2xITkdCbE01VlVkWE4zYjBva1R0UlRlWnRFZWhSSE1hNVVWeGRVYVBwV05KcDFkdGgxVXJNV2JORm5ZcWRsYUtGamJ5dEViTGgzYXlOM2RoaFhjMjhHTXpoamVIQjNab05rVVRWMFQ1VkVOdWRUZEJaSGNrZFdUWXBVZFRoVVIzbGxO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/84xExHj3DJ8.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Asian TV
http://?NUoxZHdOVGE2NUdhMDVXTjVGRmFMeFVkanhrVXlkM05TZG1NNGNYWWloMFFhUlVibmxHUjJOMGQwVm1hV0ZtZHNwR01ucGxZekVYZENkbFRaRmpjbkozUVVobWNFRm5hS1ZGVU5kbmFocG5NTUYzYjNkVFlyWnpZQ1ZYV0xWbGJXcG5kT0ZuUUo5eWQxdEVNeGttTU5wSGFvUlZVWjVFZGo1a1lOaEVPcFZHYTVZM2JMUjNUeEpYVjA5aWRaUkZiaTVFTXNsMVJhcDJWc1ozZDRrbWUxSUVkMXhVUWk5aVZ6Qm5SM2xEZXZwM1NIVm1aMm9HY3hvVWRJTmthenQwYVZSbVVGaDNLRWhUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Asian TV
http://?MUoxZHdOVGE2cEdhMDVXTjVGbGVMeFVkanhrVXpkM05TeFdlYWRXT1VaVU12VWxia1p6TlVka053SmtTNHAyTHVOM1lPRlROR2RsY3hkbWVHZFVkb2hHYWtSbGJ2Z25Xc0JUUg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/asiantv.jpg" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", ASIAN-TV
http://?PTRtVTNCM01wcEhjb1JuYjFrWFVvdEVUMU5HVFNwM2QzSVZjcEowWlF0R2MzQURjeEYyVTAwV1loUjNjckZWWjU5Q2VPUjFLaFZrTTVsRGVpVlVOMDBtV01GRk1GcEZld1IxVXROak5xaDNaMFYxWnpsblJTNVdZaUJIYUJSR1ZzdDJTcUpITWhaWE56NW1iVlZHTmhaSGQwdGtkNlJHTjVoMFZWTm1SdXBuVkVkM1F5OFVhR1JsV081bVJ6ZEhUMU1FZTNaM1N5Z2xReEZqYXhoRFNxUmphemxYYnpObGNteFdRSFYwSzBOVGFCNUdNenRXTnZkbGVKZGpTcmsyWnA1R1pMbEdhalZVVzJnVmIxWm5iWGQxVVQ1V1dEZFZldzFrZTBRRlNXdGlj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/ZCqILa0u7vD.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", ATN Bangla
http://?PWNuVTNCM01wcDNkb1JuYjFrWFVxdEVUMU5HVFN0MmQzSTFaeWdEZGhKR1NEcEZSNmRXYUVaM1EzcFdacVpWWTJ4bWJ3WXpLWTFXVXhCVlY1Y0VPS3AzWXdGamNPbFZhb3BGTW1CM2J3ZDJSb1JWT3pNSE5yaFVNTUpWYWx0Q2VTMVVlNnRXYTJOVlEyVm5NSVJXYU1OWGE1dEVjeEVsWW4xa1p2bGxZNmxIYTFCRGROTm5kM3AyTGF0U00zaFRhT3AzTFQxbVdUUlVkbjUyWmxsak0yb1ZPdlZUYlVGV2F5WjNkSE5IVjMwVWJ6TkhjQmRWYTBwVlMxSVdNM0VIZXRobVVKQlRjMGxrWUl0Q2U1cG1VWXQwTk9GSFZUUjBWS0JWZE1aelQ0QlRT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", ATN Bangla
http://?cUoxZHdOVGE2eEdhMDVXTjVGVmRMeFVkanhrVXVkM05TRm5Zd2czU3o5MlFqSkRjM0FIV3dZbFNxdDBUQkZqZXJRM0w1UkZWU0pEY3o4U1kzWVhXczEwU3FCVGFZQlhUM0oxUw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", ATN Bangla UK
http://?MEoxZHdOVGE2dEdhMDVXTjVGMWJMeFVkanhrVXNkM05TbG1ZaWhHYnI1ME55STNhM1pEUzFvMVR0dG1SREZVYnZrMlFPVm1TNEpuZTVZamJPeDBiemRWYkI1V2FQbDJWR0IxUw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/2c08GCMcP3z.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", ATN News
http://?b0oxZHdOVGE2RkhhMDVXTjVGbGNMeFVkanhrVXZkM05TZG1NNGdXWWloMFFhUjBibmxHUjJOMGRuVm1hV0ZtZHN0R00xWTBUem8yWkw5VVkycFdkbngyTVNGbVMycFdiclluYnR0V2VhTlZhMkVEVTV0bU5HUlhlekpYWm1obGI0WWtjcXRTUjBnRWNvRjNLaXQyUndnblV4OGtXeVFqYkNGRWF3RWtTd2gxUzRFSE1ocEdiMEJuY3JsVmN6QVRlMkVGU25CbFp4aDBaM3AyVkNoVWRSTldjNFowY3UxV092NTBUUTl5VHZrR056UjBSVlozY1ZKRWNpUkVlb0p6YVZGRk14RjNiVmRYUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/atnbangla.jpg" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", ATN-BANGLA
http://?PW9tVTNCM01wcEhjb1JuYjFrWFU0dEVUMU5HVFNoMmQzSVZiakozYUVSWFZaZERiNUJEYXFaMFVsaG1jbVIyTHdWM2FTQmxZRDl5VnFWRVo0WlhaSXAyTVY5aWRVNW1hd2htUnhzV1cwQlhjaFoyYTU4bU5FVkVjcU4wYWhGVVpNbEVVd2h6YzBVbWJ5MVdPeklGYXdSRGR3VlRjS3BrTnExbVpWUlhkMmRHZDVZelJJRlhkd2NsTkpSa1F4aFdPV05uTjBSM1lWUmtRbTEyWkhoMkwwNFdWbnRVT3ZJM1NRbG1aMGNrVTFSM2Q0RkdjaU5sYTVsMkxSTkZWR1JIVlRSVU1NTjJjb3BYWUk1MlZudFdhdlV6ZEcxV1MwWmpkamhFZTNGelQxVUVV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/375/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_623309001563772673.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Bangla TV
http://?PT1nYUhwbE1CVkRXMzFVUlcxV1l2TTNNdFZHUzBSbWUyVlVaYUJGYXI5V09wUjNaSUZITVpOWFkybzJjdUJ6ZE9GVVRzTmpVaEJWWmE1V080RVRjTVZqYm50R2RheFdidGQzYXlsMGR5cEdadzhDUmFaVGU0Sm1TUTlVWXI5V1JydFdadWxIVDMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/raiZvB8y1Nv.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Bangla Vision
http://?PWNuVTNCM01wcDNib1JuYjFrWFV0dEVUMU5HVFNkM2QzSTFaeWd6ZGhKR1NEcEZScWRXYUVaM1EzZFhacVpWWTJ4V2V4SWxSUU5ETW9wM2Ixa2taSmhIVFR4MFlNSm5lYXBXYXN0V1YwTlVOT2huVFNGM1RvRldNdHQwYkRGRWExQW5SeGhUWktaRFR2Y1hjTWRuZDJkSGRTRjFaeFUwY3FsbFJQbG5hVzEyWkJGWFdxMW1ibFJrVTRKbGMxVlZaeE5YZHhrWGRwSjBaMjVFZUkxa2NGUm5kd1pETW9obWV5b21aekpsYlBKWGV5TVdjTFpUWW54bWN5NTJZRVZIV1dwRVp3dENhVWhYUUdkMll6VjJjeU4wYVA5V1dDdFdjR0JUZHpZbVQ1OUVi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", BanglaTV
http://?d0oxZHdOVGE2bEdhMDVXTjVGVmVMeFVkanhrVTBkM05TNTJRcmdYWTJkVFJxWkRjdmtrWUdaR1JyZFVWcGgwYWtwbVcxRVVXVWxuZHJSM1VCdHlWNGx6YTNnMkxycG1RUEZ6Uw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Banglavision
http://?cEoxZHdOVGE2cEhhMDVXTjVGVmVMeFVkanhrVW9kM05TVlhhaHBXYzNSa2RNNTBkemdGVHFaSGV4RjNWdWxYVnhvbVR3UjFOQ3RXY0xCSFpLRjNSd1ZYYndVbVQwSVhPVEZYTg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/374/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_253544001564828972.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Bijoy TV
http://?PT1nYkhwbE1CVkRXdjFVUlcxV1l2TTNNdFZHUzBSR2QyVlVaYUJGYXE5V09wUjNaSXBITVpOWFkybzJidUJ6ZE9GVVQwQmpScFpUVzFsbVIxOEdjb1ozWm10V2JqbDFidGxqWnBGamFVWjNVRVYwUW1kbWJZTjBUSXBuY3o1R2VIWkdiMW9tU0IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", BijoyTV
http://?b0oxZHdOVGE2aEhhMDVXTjVGMWRMeFVkanhrVTZkM05TQkhNRXRtVEdkbVVSSlZkdklHT3lkRWJ1bFVObUpYYnhNM2RCdFNhMmdYZVhkMlVTWmtOMU5WZDZaM0tDbG5lNUoyVQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Binodon BanglaTV
http://?M0oxZHdOVGE2aEdhMDVXTjVGVmJMeFVkanhrVTVkM05TNTJhMkozUzA0bU1TQm5hTVZsWTNKMlNySmpTdGwzVU90MlR6b1hRV2RVY2lGa1pscFZOc0oyY3RaMks0dDJNTmhIZQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", BiswaBangla24 TV
http://?b0oxZHdOVGE2ZEdhMDVXTjVGVmFMeFVkanhrVXpkM05TRlhVbGQyTG9sblZJTkVhRnhXYzJwMFFuSldRM2czTHRoM05MdFdRTVYyYTFoVU41VldUNGxuTlNSMVlJTjNZWUpHZA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/20mgRCbFLz5.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Boishakhi Television
http://?bkoxZHdOVGE2bEhhMDVXTjVGRmNMeFVkanhrVXVkM05TZG1NNGtYWWloMFFhUlVjbmxHUjJOMGR5Vm1hV0ZtZHNCWE0zVWtjUmhEYnZjWFNRTkVabkJIYWFSVWQ1UTNWdjEwS1RsR2NYcFdUTVZWT3Y5U1VyQUZNRkJIYkJWVGEzZ1RkUVpWVHY0MktubG5Wa3BWV3ZBblF0QlZVWkozY3RwV2RERnpUNU4yWndWbmR3NFdWanAwVW41R2VINWthTWwwUnRoSFJSSldkdzhXWk1WMFJ6Y0RkeVZETjBOVU54VmxTVHBrVkM1bVY2QlhjMlFYY0NGaldRcEdhblIzWmxkektWOTJSNVJHT3NkVGRZVlVjR1JrVnFSbVd3NG1SYWRuYWFoVWJNRm5ka3AyYndna2V3aDBVcFoxTHVobVVIMVdZVHhHYndrMVpSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/236/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_037851001493196124.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Boishakhi TV
http://?PT13ZEhwbE1CVkRXMzFVUlcxV1l2ZzNNdFZHUzBSMloyVlVaYUJGYXk5V09wUjNaSWxITVpOWFkyb0dldUJ6ZE9GVVR6TlRRR2xYUnk1R09TaERkNk5qZEh0bWNOdDJibjlrUW9oVk9wbDJTYUpWYTZGV2VSVlRNUFZuVjJSVVlKaG5OdmNIVFIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Boishakhi TV
http://?MkoxZHdOVGE2UkhhMDVXTjVGVmNMeFVkanhrVXVkM05TVm5WdXgyZGF0MFNNWkhlVVpVTVd0bVJ2TjBMcWRuVjJvR2JQcDJaTDVVZHVoWFZQVjBMM0JsTVdaak40ZzNjM1lHZQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/boishakhitv.jpg" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", BOISHAKHI-TV
http://?NkoxZHdOVGE2aEdhMDVXTjVGRmFMeFVkanhrVXlkM05TWm5ZckYzUzVkRk1INUVkV0ZsVnBwbU1wcG5iSGQwVjBBM1REcFZjNFZXYTNCVmRPWlZlcWRuYUxOWGIxMEdOU1oyTjJBMWJ3aFhlUWQxVDFkSFd3aDFRTzFHYTNja1ZrVm5jSkZEUnZ3VWE1NVVZQ1JIU3d3bVRyVldaWWRHYWFkV2RyZEdScFZVTTVGV1V3c1dkNGwxUU1KbmF4VTNOVGRXTzNKSGVEVjJjWmRIU3YxV05DSm5hUU5UWnhFVFJ5VlRVYXR5U0M1R05ZUkdXSE4yYU5oelJ0UjNSNWwyVDVnMFNFMW1lTTEwTU9sbmUySVdTaUJqUzBGelJrTldaYTEyS3VCVldaaFdiRkYyWW5CWFNzbDJhcXRTTnJwbk14SmtlRzlFZDVOWFkzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/Mq2jeWV007t.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Bongo Movies
http://?PUluVTNCM01wcG5jb1JuYjFrWFV3dEVUMU5HVFNKM2QzSTFaeWdUY2hKR1NEcEZSdWRXYUVaM1EzaFdacVpWWTJ4bWJ5SWpadlVsTXlkVE9LQkhiMFpYWXRSVlRyNUdkUlprVUdWa04yQmpOMlFuWlhabllIVlhUSVJEZHM5a01oWmpjdFZETUhaMmNyZDJSU1J6VWhkemNQbG5lSlZtYm45V2RYWkdWeHBHTnVsM1VWaG1hbUZFWm1oRlVwSlVTa0JqTXBwbVZOSjJjS05XZWxSRk80aFZSclZrZVFoRmM1TUhlNG9rZUN4VWJKbDBiUnhHVHBSMVJYcFVZeHBtVEdoMEtGUlZid0FqWVRablVzaDBhMTVVYTZkblRDTlRhNTUwY1V0MGE0Z1VU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/Mq2jeWV007t.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", BONGO-MOVIES
http://?PXNtVTNCM01wcEhib1JuYjFrWFUwdEVUMU5HVFNOM2QzSWxkaXRHYUxsM1Z3Y2tUb1pWVVdsbWF5SW5ldWQwUlhSRGFPbG1ZSWhtY3NaWGRVbG1Tb1ZIVWlkV1ZyZFRlMUlYZFVGRGIyUldkWUpqYkZkV092RkdNUk4wY2FsV1RJUkVTbngyVHBSekt5NW1XNVlEV1oxV2NObGpTM0FuTXFsMVNSUjFMelUzU1k5bVdaWmphSnBHZG1OalY0Rm1UcXQyS1Y5V01PaFVTdjkwYTFRemJ4dEdjMk5EVUs1bWJLSlhjNVlHVFlkRGJ3QjFOaE5rVDRKSGFJcDBRVVozZDIxa1R6OW1heklHWk5sbGR2VjBLc1IwVks5V1VYVlhRNElrYjN0U05HdG1W
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", BT (Only for BD)
http://?eUoxZHdOVGE2MUdhMDVXTjVGRmRMeFVkanhrVW9kM05TQlhPUHhtZDI5eVpXbFZhd0VFVU1SR2V4aDNiaWxUVzNWM01vRkRNWk5GYVNOalFwNVdkNWxWY0xoalNVUkhVRWhXTQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/So3Og8HY4uN.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", BTV World
http://?eEoxZHdOVGE2NUdhMDVXTjVGbGVMeFVkanhrVXZkM05TZG1NNGtXWWloMFFhUjBkbmxHUjJOMGR1Vm1hV0ZtZHNaWE0zRVRWR2xIZUVCRFMzOTBiMmxFZXBGWFkxWTNaMm9YYTNnemRzcG5WU0pETnBkemJxSldUeTlXTlpsellwSjFac3hXZVZOelJvaFhTbTkyVjJzbVI1aEdVVVoyYmloell2YzJiMjl5VjVBbmNoaEdPWmRYYW0xMmF3d2tlT3htTm9wMlFSUkRONVVuWXY5U2NyQVRkeFpWVjFkMVJzaDNiWTlTV0RWSE41MEVUWU5WY25wbGRNRkVaM3AyTEtCVlVtZFhPRmxWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", BTV World
http://?d0oxZHdOVGE2ZEdhMDVXTjVGVmJMeFVkanhrVTBkM05TUm5kekpuUUVkSGU1UjBhMmxWZUdoMFJvUm1hNXBXVjNSM1JrSkZaUXhHZGE5eU5RbDJOMzl5WVpoMFRWOVdZaWhWTg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/landscape/99ZKMd4mWYM.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", BTV-WORLD
http://?PWduVTNCM01wcG5jb1JuYjFrWFVxdEVUMU5HVFNwMmQzSTFjMlFqY3dnMFV1dFdkM3R5TWlWRFRtSjNjRjEyTkZsV2R3RWxZamxuVXZsVGRQcDJTUjEyTnRSblMyUVVhSmRrUXNaRk5xcG1TcmtrUUp0V1VQZG1XcVJXY3pBVlNoZFhZM1ozTkJGRGNIeG1kcWRXVVYxR2FCSkVicVowUnFwMlJ3QTNLVnRtUzNRVFNxWlZjNUJIZTVvVlN1RnpOb2hWZUk1bVlrRm5ZV2xrYUxOR2R3Wm1NckZsWXpjWGNYeEdNdmtqU3ZjWGJhTkRWd1lYVW9seloyTldlaVpuV0taR2VUZFZlWFJuTVJoR1Y1eFVPWFJWTTFvWFNMcEhORVJHY2psMEx6VW5Z
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/52/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_634940001561971044.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Channel 24
http://?PT13YUhwbE1CVkRXMjFVUlcxV1l2QTNNdFZHUzBSR2IyVlVaYUJGYW85V09wUjNaSVZITVpOWFkyb21jdUJ6ZE9GVVQyRmpXaUJUU3hwR08yQm5OWDVHY3JaRE1qRlZUemxYWUlWVlVuQjNMYU5FVVRSR2JPUlZWUlpYZXI5Q2U0TVhad2NuTm4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Channel H
http://?d0oxZHdOVGE2QkhhMDVXTjVGVmJMeFVkanhrVTNkM05TRlhVbE4zTG9sblZJTjBkRnhXYzJwMFEzSldRM2czTHR4R05SdENlb2xFYWFWbVJoaG1hclpVTUJaRmIxNEdhUmxuYg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/3/logo/115x115/1481106966.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Channel i
http://?PT13YkhwbE1CVkRXcTFVUlcxV1l2UTNNdFZHUzBSV2IyVlVaYUJGYXA5V09wUjNaSTFHTVpOWFkyb0didUJ6ZE9GVVQ1TnpMU1owTXkwbVcwRW1TbWRqY3lRbFRIMUdlMTVFY3FoR2VHZDNZekVUVEhKMWMxTkVWNEEzUndCbk1HbDJNb05uYzMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Channel i
http://?dEoxZHdOVGE2bEdhMDVXTjVGbGVMeFVkanhrVTNkM05TMVdaVHBHVXlJVVZrZEhhSWhFY3drV2F6SjJTckprVVlCbmNXcEhTRlZIY0N0RWNYUlRhMVIyUlZwRlROaG5WaloxZA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Channel S
http://?ekoxZHdOVGE2aEhhMDVXTjVGRmJMeFVkanhrVTVkM05TcEdSVDVHUzQxMlV3Rm1hb3BVTlBOelZ3eFdSSEIzYkZobk4zdFNTckJYY290U1FWdFdhc1pYWXJsVlpsRm5OeWhEVQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Channel S UK
http://?NkoxZHdOVGE2bEhhMDVXTjVGVmNMeFVkanhrVTZkM05TcG1ORWhtUVBWamR3RkRkQ1ZXWjNKV1lwVlRaRGhuVzJJbk1qcGxTVjEyYlBwWGVKMUdlNUZtWXQxRVZ6Y0dicEZWTw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/channel24.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", CHANNEL-24
http://?PWdtVTNCM01wcFhkb1JuYjFrWFV2dEVUMU5HVFNaM2QzSUZic3RHY21sV1FhZDFZM0ZVUTA5a1kwa25VUVYxY1RSVGFyWldUeFZXWnFwblpVWlhlUjVtVFNCbFpvQkRiclZXT25abmJvRmpNeU4zTHZwMlF4QVZZaE5uYUJsVlRaWkRNdk5EVVpSV2JwWjNMSUYxVURGbGRZRjJjUVZYZTZobE5sRmpVS05ITVg5eWQyZ0VhM1lXUjBCVFJ1eDJjNjFFYk9kSFM0VlZadnhtYmFSa1I0SUVldFIzYVc1V1FVZFhkMGtuUnZNWGN3VWtUa2RUTjNsMGN5TlZjdkFIYXNwRU0wRWxhQ1puY09oM1o0UkZXeFZtWnpnR1p2RUdVQmR6YUVKVVNPRkdN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/channeli.jpg" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", CHANNEL-I
http://?PWNtVTNCM01wcG5jb1JuYjFrWFUydEVUMU5HVFNGM2QzSUZic3RtZG1sV1FhZDFZM0ZVUTA5a1kwRW5VUVYxY1RSemN0RjJkbnRVVnVWMWQzbDJMUVJuYVFSMkt6ZFdhVEpsY3Q5Q040UjNkWmhrVndsR1czTm1iM2gzWlpWVk1sTlhjcFJIVmx4bVMzSW5XM3AxVEo1R2RJdHlUc1oxTHloV2FRUkZNbjkyWW01VVVSMTBacWxtWnhkMlRwSm1WWnBFU0U5R2U2WkRSWnR5ZHJwWGJqbFRZNWxGUjR3bWM2eDJZejFFUjF4VWVYcGtaVEpEUzZKRk80NW1TR2QyVHhnMVJOTkZjaHhXVDBKamN1RlhXTU5VTVlKWFQ0TldaSHRrZUxobFUxOEdX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Channel24
http://?bkoxZHdOVGE2cEhhMDVXTjVGVmFMeFVkanhrVTFkM05TWm5ReU0zUlVoMVVPUnpidjBXZTFSV1kzcGtldmdVTk9CWGF1SkVPYWRtY1dOalR2ZGxRd1pVUnRGM1EybFhUMjBXZA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", City TV
http://?ckoxZHdOVGE2cEdhMDVXTjVGMWNMeFVkanhrVTRkM05TRlhVbDkyTG9sblZJTlVlRnhXYzJwMFFySldRM2czTHRObk56QjFWQjlpZXpnek5KUkVNelptZHZoVVRrOW1ib2xFTw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/2505/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_992202001610391308.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Colors Bangla
http://?PT1BZEhwbE1CVkRXMTFVUlcxV1l2YzJNdFZHUzBSV2QyVlVaYUJGYXg5V09wUjNaSUpITVpOWFkybzJkdUJ6ZE9GVVQ0QlRhU1JGU1l4V05xaGxUeEkwYkk1VVFTVnpTbk5tYVExMmJLaEdOSk56VjVORmNveDJWaXhHTzBsVWN2TjFOMU1uWVIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/2423/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_667791001609587559.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Colors Bangla HD
http://?PT1nY0hwbE1CVkRXbjFVUlcxV1l2bzNNdFZHUzBSR2IyVlVaYUJGYTY5V09wUjNaSXhHTVpOWFkybzJadUJ6ZE9GVVR5QlRWem8yTE9kR1NCSlVUbjFXYUp0R09GWkhaczVVTmh4RVIyb0dhWVZEYlM5R2F2Y2pad0lsZHBkSGR2bEhjME4zVEIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/landscape/jjVVEdLt5UD.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", COLORS-ASIA
http://?PWduVTNCM01wcDNib1JuYjFrWFV5dEVUMU5HVFNoM2QzSVZieHhVYWxabGNLSjBWdmxIT1RObFJScFdSa2RrVnh0VWVvcG5OajFFVG90RWUwd1VWM1lYTTJoRlZaeFVhRFJHV1hKV1V3cDFMdnRFYlZkWFNHcEZVVGhUYkxGMFIxOVNTNFJYWlpGbmNabFdhckYxU0o5a2I0cEdTSEJYYnhGVVFycFVacmtXTzFwVVlyRTBkMW9FTjRWV2R6eG1NMUZFVkhGSGIwcG1aMnNHYWxaVFFUbDNOMVYxS3FSMFZpVjNRU3gyS1o1RWJDOVdVc2RYUzQxVVl3bDNOTUYzVTN0VVF5RUdicTFtVTNoRU10WlhXWVpWVG1oblZVaFZiaTFVZVE5a1p1aDJN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/colorsbangla.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", COLORS-BANGLA
http://?NUoxZHdOVGE2VkhhMDVXTjVGMVpMeFVkanhrVTRkM05TMVdjTXRXWldKblNDZGxlNWh6VVRaVVU0VkVaSFpWY0xkWGF5VUhjcFJqZHdWVVQzaDJMNGhqVXNwWGNMcG1RYTlVZTQ0R2J6OVVRTkJuUXFKbE1FUldXTTVXVE5OM1kzTVhkRmxGYzRNWFNyWmpaUGxtYzRwSFRxMTBkWEpXZDBOMUxyUUhhME56Y2hORmRQUm5RdFZIVTRoV2MzVUROSGwwUXFaWE8wUjNNenAyTXZra2JNVjJaWGRuTVB0a1cwMVVXVnhtYTJBM1lHcFhONU1qZGlaR2N3Z1VOcWRuZHhaM2FJWkhheUptU3dNMmJZSjBSUE5YYnZsRmVzcDJZYWhYZTRGVVdwdENkMUpHUnlrekwxdG1OT2RITnBkbU5aOVNVM0VUZXd4bWVSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Cumilla 24 TV
http://?eEoxZHdOVGE2eEdhMDVXTjVGVmRMeFVkanhrVXZkM05TeEdTcFJIVkU5U2FFTjFaNHRFVDFvblJuaFVPNWdEVE5kWE5qeDBkNHN5YTBvMU41SW1UczlTVUNOMVpXNW1heUFGVw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/370/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_525894001563630186.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", DD Bangla
http://?PT1nYkhwbE1CVkRXejFVUlcxV1l2STNNdFZHUzBSV2QyVlVaYUJGYXQ5V09wUjNaSUpITVpOWFkybzJkdUJ6ZE9GVVR1SnpiR2hUV21WM002QkRkWkZGY1A1Mlp3WUVlMjEyWXlsMkx2czJUMmtXZFE5MmFEaEVVTHBWTjMxV2F4RURadjFtU0IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://image.winudf.com/v2/image/Y29tLm9yYW5nZXNreWRpZ2l0YWxzdHVkaW8uYmlnZ2Jvc3NrYW5uYWRhcmV2aWV3X3NjcmVlbl8xXzE1MzA3NzgxMDVfMDEx/screen-1.jpg?fakeurl=1&type=.jpg" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", DD Bangla
http://?blZIVG9Kak5qaFdlUzlpTTNsamM0NVdSM0FUVDNsbmJtQnpWeE5ITll0MGNDTmxiMFpsUjB3bWFxSldNeXBsYXVwbmMxbFZiVlZGZHFSRFR3dFdPMzVVUjRWR2JHRkhiczkwWTQwR2VoNVVjeEpGUnlwWFIwY2tNd0JYZTFFVVpEcG1kV1ptYkhWblcxbERPNU5XUmtwV1lPMTBMTUZIYkZOR001bG5XMGRWZERWSFNCeEdWMG8yYXFWM2JudDJWek1uUTRaMlM2WnpSc3BYUnlwa2V6dFVicmdWZHZZR1YwQlRhVEZ6Ynl3MlpUZFdaVDFFZVJKVk1FaDJRemR6VVVSVGQxOG1UMklWWXpjVWVMUkdWT1pYTXJwRlNUNTBaWGRHTXlRalJyUUdjeVFsZUU5VWEwZDNkdEpuVHg4R1Z5ZGpUR2QxZHNsbWRCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/39/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_040588001485334247.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Desh TV
http://?PT1RY0hwbE1CVkRXdDFVUlcxV1l2azNNdFZHUzBSR2UyVlVaYUJGYXM5V09wUjNaSU5ITVpOWFkyb0dhdUJ6ZE9GVVQxQmpkTDFVVnlnR1dHcEdUeWNHZDVJRVd3b2xVclZYU2Faa1dpaDJSNkpFUkpobGRXZEVWQnBuUXNSbFd6TmxSclEzVm4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", DesheBideshe TV(CAN)
http://?cUoxZHdOVGE2UkhhMDVXTjVGbGRMeFVkanhrVTRkM05TTlhUdkJuV3ZWWE5tcGtlNFlqZGhwRmJxUkdSVVJuU09aWGNvMUVUdDlDZUtOVVRLOUNOek5WUXh3MFFuQjNMNU5UVg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/53/logo/115x115/channel_logo_902825001481299896.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Ekattor TV
http://?PT1BY0hwbE1CVkRXbzFVUlcxV1l2MDJNdFZHUzBSR2EyVlVaYUJGYTY5V09wUjNaSXRHTVpOWFkyb21kdUJ6ZE9GVVQwRnpMeU1WUzA4MlJ3ZFRZaFpXY01SMGJuVkdlc1pUV25GVlc0azNRMmMyU3NSV2IyVTJNWlprZTRabFVEUlRRczVXTkIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/1Y2Slm56uJ8.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Ekattor TV
http://?PVFuVTNCM01wcG5jb1JuYjFrWFV1dEVUMU5HVFNkM2QzSVZkR3BuY3IwbVl1ZDFhdkZHWndwMGNLaEdlS3BWYzFFVmFzOVdTMWdYVDBwRlNLcG1RRlozWXlOVk5EQlZkakpWTm50MFF5RjBUVkZXYVBwR01ReGtOMkJ6Wklsa1lDWmxVMzlVVXlRRGVPdFdTc3RFT2twV2RNdEdPTXQyS3RGblRzcDBZbnBIVlhKMGFXbFhkMlEwS3RoVGN4TlVPWDFFY1k5MkxsWmxZU0JUY3BGWFJZZEZUMGRVYVlOMGFMNTJOREZYYXdnWGNxbFZWTmRYYnlsalExZ0RaclYzTXNoRWJYaEZjeEFuZTBabk5uRjJSMkVuY2hOWFd3TVhjekZYYjZkR2NYUldW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/ekattor.jpg" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", EKATTUR-TV
http://?PTRtVTNCM01wcG5hb1JuYjFrWFV3dEVUMU5HVFNKM2QzSWxjWlJHYU9KMEswbFdiM0pVTVNsaldKcG1XdVJIYVdwMWRKcEhkSXR5S3VKR2VHVjBjc1YzU3hGVVRFRnphd0lsWk10MlpzZGtRVTEyWVhoWFlXNW1OeXdrYXhVbGFudGtUbkJuVmlWV1FaUlhPMHRpVHV0U2JJSmxlQ0ZFWjZOVk80RVhaQ3BYTXpNVGNaWlRiTGRFT0hGMWNwbFRlSUZFVzJsSFVrQkZiU3RHZTRNVGRLdG1ad0oxTlFoWFczNUdkRFp6VDVaV2FJUlhOa0JsYTZkbFpVVlhlVlZIYjJVVVNSWm1lMWhEWlNWR2U1VkRPRFZET3JjbWFXaG5WcWhsYlFOak13VVZh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/40/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_843792001561970789.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Independent TV
http://?PT1nZEhwbE1CVkRXdDFVUlcxV1l2MDJNdFZHUzBSV2EyVlVaYUJGYTI5V09wUjNaSWhITVpOWFkybzJidUJ6ZE9GVVQ2SlRkU2xETkx0MlFyOUdhNlYxY1hoRE02bDJNMFZVY3R0Q001Vm5aNjFFUlBKR2M1bGtSd2RWVnA1bU1QOWtVTmgyU1IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Independent TV
http://?PXdtVTNCM01wcFhhb1JuYjFrWFVydEVUMU5HVFNWM2QzSWxhc05tY1E1a1VwOUNTMFZXVlRaVmN4SkhhV1IyYTIwRWVZUmxhNFZqYzNKM0tubDBLblpuUTJjbGNvSldkYUZGZElsbVZ4ZHpkWlZVWlBkSGFFVlVUSEpXY3NGV01aOW1NMkZuZDU1VWI1Tm5XdmNtY0dsa2RwTmxXMkUwTXJSVlNKWkRWS2RtVXZCMUxoWlhldEZFV2tOR2N1UkVPbnhVUnY5MlR5WkdPRWQyY3VGRld1VjJjNkZWYldWSE8zaG5NRjVVZHRaamVSQjNNWjlrTndaRGVpZEZSckIzWUxsa1JIdDBjT3hHTlBkWE90MUdTaVJGT0lwR09UZG5kcmRIYnBCVlFGSkVl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Independent TV
http://?dUoxZHdOVGE2aEhhMDVXTjVGRmJMeFVkanhrVXRkM05TZDJhNlJuWTRSRVY2ZGpiMG9WYnU5R041MUVOem8zY1J0V1VoZGpSekVEYzNVV1Q2VmxaeU5WVnpkR1pDcFdOMUUyZA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/independent.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", INDEPENDENT-TV
http://?dUoxZHdOVGE2bEdhMDVXTjVGRmRMeFVkanhrVXNkM05TMW1jSUIzZERKbFkxUnpjelozWXBsM2J6dHlSUk5VVmpkR01MMW1Xc1p6Yk9Ka1pyb2xTM0YxVFZSRFoxY0dXTEZHVUdobWJFRlhSMHBHYTAxR2F3OW1abHhHTVVaVk5HbFZld0pXYTBjbGF6Vm1WdlJEVjBkWFMzVm5kajVHZFFaRGVoTkhicEJGZXJRR001Y21RNFVFT08xa2FqaDNNMlVFTnpoalp4dFVhUUpuTlp0Q1NWNVVlbVYzYk5WVGVvbGxVMkExUUw5R2R4MVVjM2tVYnp4VWFVVlVkNDlTWVhoRWF4WUhOTDVrWkJwVWJqcDBTQlJWVndKSGJ6ZDBUTkZIZUZkR01WQjNhWUIxUXRoelU2Tmpkek1VVlFsM1N0TlVkWWRtYjFFbGVCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Iqra BanglaTV
http://?M0oxZHdOVGE2OUdhMDVXTjVGVmNMeFVkanhrVTNkM05TTkhWdUZuVnZkalpJNVdlalJqY1lWMVoxdGlZVmhVTU1wV1ZFaEdkcVJHYnB0MlFSdFNUcmQwS3lJMmNCVjNMVnBrUQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Jagoroni TV
http://?MkoxZHdOVGE2TkhhMDVXTjVGMWFMeFVkanhrVTJkM05TOUdlelUzSzJRM2J4aDBaMTQyTlZSSFdyNWtNcmgwWkxobmRMcGxZRkJqY2F0U01SZFZRNEZVUk1OVlJFWkhWV0pUYw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Jamuna TV
http://?c0oxZHdOVGE2ZEdhMDVXTjVGbGVMeFVkanhrVTBkM05TUjNiMUVIYTBvWFpWaFVjWjEyUnJGemM2dFNONUF6TG9wM1UxQXpiMlFYY25oR1VCMWtWM0psTU5GRWRMOTJZMEJuTQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Jonmobhumi TV
http://?cEoxZHdOVGE2ZEhhMDVXTjVGRmJMeFVkanhrVXpkM05TWkhkREZIWm94R2RUcDNhWk5sVHlKbVE0SlVaeEYyVTV3MlJIZGtOT2hUZVVGWFcwOENlelZqU01OWFdRWlhVUTFXUg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", JoyJatra TV
http://?c0oxZHdOVGE2VkhhMDVXTjVGRmFMeFVkanhrVW5kM05TTkhSMzhtYVVoa2VKNWthMUVFVklwbE5xZEZXb3BGTmpwV1NPSlZkNnRpZUVWMFF4cGthckZFZTJzMlNYOTJUeHQyVg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Mohona TV
http://?NUoxZHdOVGE2ZEhhMDVXTjVGbGFMeFVkanhrVXJkM05TOW1SUHhXVTRsMFkyVjFiQlJITk9kV2R4RlZNUEZIZTRFblVyTTBhMlVXY0ZGWFEzTUVjNTFVWTBGRlJyRkhXVGRGYg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/mohonatv.jpg" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", MOHONA-TV
http://?PWttVTNCM01wcEhhb1JuYjFrWFUwdEVUMU5HVFNwM2QzSVZiSk5tZDZCWGUxSlRONkZtVHRoMllvaFhZWGxqYk9CamMxUmxTMm9YZW5SRWVwWlRUem9HUzRvR2N6SVhhMnAxSzRKR1J3dGtiekIxTDFRSFR5VVdVWVZHZVo1MlZsOUdlMVZHYXQ5RWJ5b21kbXBHZVhKV2NzeEVNM1Z6UzZabmNqRnpaWlYzUlFGV1U0cG1hNGN6THFkVE00eFdUU056WUZ0MmN5OVNaTlZtY21SWFFzUldPd2xrYXZJMVp6a0dkbUpYVnk0a2VyY1VZcVptUXBsblJUZGxTNWhXZUN4bU5FcEdleWdqVjRsa2Q1VkRWV05WUlY1R1pZMVdOSGR6WllWbWIxQlZa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Movie BanglaTV
http://?NkoxZHdOVGE2eEdhMDVXTjVGRmRMeFVkanhrVTZkM05TRkhaTkpIVXZSR2JTbFZlcTlTWVVKMk42UlhZREJuY294Mkw1ZzJacm9uZHhja2V3YzJjc0pWTW9GRWJVNUdNeVFXUQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Mukti TV
http://?MUoxZHdOVGE2bEhhMDVXTjVGVmJMeFVkanhrVXZkM05TcDJjMnBYVXpNM2N5RW1lVTFXV0twbGF2SjFiNThFUkcxbWMxZ25RTU5qZEdSVlRoVmpjM3BYZTVKMGRETkhkdGxtVw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", My Cinema
http://?eEoxZHdOVGE2TkhhMDVXTjVGRmVMeFVkanhrVTVkM05TQlhWMDlXTXNoRE8xbG5kbTVXZU05U1lxcEVkR0ZITjRZSFJKWkVjTEptZVUxVVF3cG1ib2huY3lZbFRaNVdSbU5VYg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/339/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_573846001563607560.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", MY TV
http://?PT1BY0hwbE1CVkRXdjFVUlcxV1l2QTNNdFZHUzBSR2IyVlVaYUJGYW85V09wUjNaSWxITVpOWFkyb0djdUJ6ZE9GVVQ0SnpiMHdXVHp4V2N2WVVRdEpUZU1kVWRPSmpkelpITUhOalExb0dlMHcyYU9wVmJEaFZSaEZsZG5GelVwRmpVMlVuUm4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/vDXLuLBXf6J.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", My TV
http://?bkoxZHdOVGE2QkhhMDVXTjVGMWFMeFVkanhrVXFkM05TbG1URVZIY25OSFoxeDBkak56WXZVbVN5VkdOemRHWjU5V1lsaEdaRGR6ZDBCSGV3eGtic3BXYkpGM00yOVdlclVGZW45aWFsaEVjdnhFVnhsRmJyRW1TNU1IVzJRblJMSm5lcXBXTXhKa2VwQlRabE5UV21kMlJ4RkVOaEpsYURWRWFFVjFadkZHVzRaV1YzaFdRMnNDYzRkVGRLRjJkQjlXU3hKRmVGVm1leWttZXg1R081Rm1hcTVXU045a1YwNUVXcHhFWnR4R1M2RkVVYVoyWm1SRFVGTmpZeXBXY3JORlY1QkhTQjFVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/mytv.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", MY-TV
http://?bkoxZHdOVGE2aEdhMDVXTjVGRmRMeFVkanhrVXlkM05TWm5XWnQyTGxaa1JEaDNkQ2RVVmhOWGE2dFVNeXMyVU9sbmV4OG1aa2QwZFl4V1Z6ZzNUcFpqWnZRV1c0QkhiS0YzYUNOV2FqaDJUbFZWUTRwVU5LVkVNTmxtVXlvbWVFWkdjMmdHVlI1R055bDNVbHgyU1VwWFF4NEVkSVozYU1KV2U1QXpNcmgxYzFRSGMxWW5jdll6VXRkMGFyZERPcmgxYXFKMVQ0aGxVNHNHZWkxRU9VcDFaRk5WWjMwMFVzaG1Td0ZrWkNsM1lEbDJjSFprY1BablQycEZXNVJITjBnbGJ6aFdiNWRXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", MYTV
http://?NkoxZHdOVGE2RkhhMDVXTjVGRmRMeFVkanhrVTNkM05TZEdTaHhHZFNkSFZ4TnphMDEyYnl4Mlp2WmpjTnQwTHlvR2NJZFVleVVtZVNsR1UwQkRPdVJXU3JSVGVpZG5NcWQwTg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Nakshi TV
http://?bkoxZHdOVGE2dEdhMDVXTjVGbGRMeFVkanhrVXhkM05TcEdXNFVIY1psamQyNUViM1l6TnRwMFp2MUdVWUZXTnV4MmRKTkhhcmdUYlBkalpycEVWMkpFYkpaMVZEZEhieVlqYw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/eRdA7FckAyD.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Nokshi TV
http://?PUVuVTNCM01wcG5kb1JuYjFrWFU2dEVUMU5HVFM5MmQzSVZhT1JVYXdkMmNrVkhUck4yTWo5U1pLWlhaME0zWmtsM1paaG1aelVuTnhkWFlrWkhOUmQzY09OMFN3RXpheVFuVFBKbGR4Vm5XV0pYVUZSSFJGRlhiTHhFY0Rsak1hRmtSbnBFYk0xV1l0RkhVcEZrV0lkMWNvMUdTdFpqYjF4VVF4RURieW8zUjNWRE9TVkViR1ZFU0tKamM0ZFhReEZXT3ExMlNabFdSNTltYVZSbmFJUnpVM04yZGpsbmR1OW1RMVJsTU1WamR1bFdUcE5HVHVkR1ZVNTJVdGhXVzJNa1dyTWtjaDFrWUpKemF4SldONGdIZFpwWGRVTlVkMlExWkhoVFUzWnpN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", NRB TV (CAN)
http://?ckoxZHdOVGE2aEhhMDVXTjVGMWJMeFVkanhrVW5kM05TQm5VVHgyTlpkVVV2d1VkTUozZHhsa2FzVmtRdk1YTzZaWFdFNTJUTHBXYUVOWE8zQXpiNU5WVTJ0VVVWbDJaak5WVw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/41/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_227718001561970151.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", NTV
http://?PT1nYkhwbE1CVkRXdTFVUlcxV1l2QTNNdFZHUzBSbWUyVlVaYUJGYTA5V09wUjNaSTFHTVpOWFkyb21idUJ6ZE9GVVRyTmpWM01HUjNWbmNYSjFLNjUyYjJJVWV2STBjcE5XVU1WRldhbDJOU3BsUnpZVmNRdDJOM1JtYno5U1J3MFdlR2gyYlIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/ntv.jpg" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", NTV
http://?NkoxZHdOVGE2QkhhMDVXTjVGbGNMeFVkanhrVXpkM05TSkhWdzVXZUpKek4wNUVhYWxHVW5aak0wRjJTd1p6ZGpwWFZMcDNVNG8yY3hVa01GTjJadmhuV1lWV1VsTlhXclZ6VUhwVmQxNFdPeXR5YW5oemQwaFZWM2NHYnpvblpXMVdiYTl5VXQ5MlN2aFRRRnhXVzF3V2FUVmtSRmRWY0RKM2EzZ1VRMnhHYk5SMFF5czJLckIxTkJOSGRLSmxTdkZWYXVWWGV1NTBjM0puTndZRk9HbEhhMk5WZENGalJ5aFhOdHBGY2x0bVVQTjJUcmwyYXZRMUs0WjJRMUpYVTZaSFZLaFhkeUJUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/IhHZaZ5dVqH.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", NTV
http://?PT1RZFNkSGN6a21lNWhHZHVWVGVSNTJTTVYzWU1KVmIzZGpVcDVFUjFCM1p6UldkTTkyWXpNMkxscGtkbFJ6Y25SV2V0RjJWWVoxVUtkMlJuMUVhd1VHYjNkalVZRm1SNlIxVEh0bVRoZG5hd2tUT3FKVWRyYzJSNmwyTnhSR2VLRm1RbFpYVlROMWJWdDBhelJqVnRGVk92ZGxZMFozWUQxR01qcFZWVlJGYlBsWFVPSjJiM0oxZHdJRlRPaDJReTBVWlN0VWF2aDBiaEZsYTBWemExSTFLamgzVjBZV08yUlZjdE4yUk5WVlF4MVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", NTV Europe
http://?ckoxZHdOVGE2WkhhMDVXTjVGMVpMeFVkanhrVXZkM05TVm5keWNHV0lkVGJpTjBhNU1FU294bVp5SkhjcjBrWVQ1V2JyY1RRdWhHZFRsa1p1ZDNaMkZYU0VGR01GSkhWeGtXTw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Panvision TV
http://?bkoxZHdOVGE2UkhhMDVXTjVGRmRMeFVkanhrVW9kM05TMW1SV3BIYTJvRVp6aFhkcTVVUlV4a1FwbGthbWxXVFd0V1RFTm1hbHhtYnpkSFR3QnpNenBIUktKSFUwUm5OMDlHZQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Rang TV
http://?MUoxZHdOVGE2cEdhMDVXTjVGVmVMeFVkanhrVXFkM05TeEdPcmRXU0RCektSdHlieGxUZDU4MlpxUmphREpFV3djWGEwWWtZS1pYY21wRk91ZGpZbjVVWkpSMVMxb0hiSjFrVA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Roal TV
http://?dUoxZHdOVGE2ZEdhMDVXTjVGMWNMeFVkanhrVXBkM05TWkhUblpuVkdWblEwZFVhMkYxVDJralEzSjBiSWREZFhkSFNMcDBaNjFFZXk4eVNaVlZXblJqVHlBblF2bDNSeUkzYg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/rtv.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", RTV
http://?c0oxZHdOVGE2NUdhMDVXTjVGVmRMeFVkanhrVTBkM05TcEdaT2hHV3J3V2FzeDJicXBYY1NOVVU1aG1Wa2xXU3lKM0xIVjNiaHQwYWh4R1N5OWljc2R6THlFelJ1dDJSRVpETTBjVWI1Z25SMWtHTzBwVmF3ODBOVGhIYVhKMVJ5WW1ha0pIVkVWM1F6bFRUTHBGYUtwR01YSlRNeHBrZUtCRFJyTUhlM3RFVlFWR2R5VVhjVGQxY0pSbmRESkRkM2QzVTAxa1p6dG1NNWRuWmFsamJpTkhjeFYxWVJSMFF2cDBVMlJHYTJjR096MGtOaXBFZHQ1RVNSZDFVM1ZWT0hCM2JXMVdRMXNXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/yvvEywo6J8F.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", RTV
http://?PT13YlNkSGN6a21lNWhHZHVWVGVSRjNTTVYzWU1KRmEzZGpVd2QwS3dsemR5TkVaeGxuYTE1a05SZEVleFpuZFZwSFd0SlVXdUZqZTB0MlVaMUdheXNDZHlGalo1MTJWNkpWUVRsV1J2MFdTdUYzVEZOSGR6b1djWEpuV3Nkalp0ZDJWbnQyY1ROV2VyTTNjWGhHVEVSRFV3SldPV1pqVzZsWGU1aEZSNWMzYXB0VWNRMVdhNXhHU2xoWFNRRjNMM3RTT0NSbGNMOWtaTXBsYzNKR2VxbEhiemNIZFFKbGJucEhhaDVVT2pOVlUzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/377/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_487153001554527298.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", RUPOSHI BANGLA
http://?PT1RZUhwbE1CVkRXNjFVUlcxV1l2ODJNdFZHUzBSMloyVlVaYUJGYW45V09wUjNaSVpITVpOWFkyb1djdUJ6ZE9GVVR5RmpSd29VUjB0bVVLUkhWdjlDYTRRbGVNMVdWMEoyWlBkMlZGOVdNWlZUU3JSR2FNRldWeGxsTXRoV09yOUVaak5uVzMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/105QtNR46SH.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Ruposhi Bangla
http://?PTBtVTNCM01wcEhib1JuYjFrWFUxdEVUMU5HVFNGM2QzSUZjSHRTZDVjbmNEUldjMHBXZE9aVFVIZFhjMlpYVjZoVmNDcDBheUFsUjNoektTeGthUGRHTUVoRVJ2TkZkWEpGZXdOV09zcFdOdU5qVktwM2J3bFhWaHR5Y1FoVWM0QlhSdlpsYU5oSFp2Um5kelFqZDVVbGFWRm5NTUZrTjQ5U1NIUnpWTDVtVjIwVU1LbEhjaUpVVXhRRU1uZFVXM3RDVWhOSGJOVkRNbHRtYzNGV1dRbHpjdGRqZDJNR1VSUm5aM3RtWXVkRGN3QTNVVWxqYzJsR2EzVldTNjVHZW5kRmFOaDJkMWxrVTJnbWV6TjFkaWwxY3pnV01RVlRPbEZIZTQ1MlVxQmpk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/landscape/105QtNR46SH.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", RUPOSHI-BANGLA
http://?c0oxZHdOVGE2bEdhMDVXTjVGMWRMeFVkanhrVXVkM05TUlhkdWRuYTNObmMzRkhlSE5XYlpoR1J6aEhhMFZIUlFGM0tEVkhSM0ZuY2hkWE9pcEVUNUZEVUpGMmN6a0hONFZGWlV0bWR3WmxOUXgyUjZ4VU1yWW1kS2RIUnJ4bWQwa25hMk16TUlOMFkwbHpZa2gwUWFsM0xtUlZXUWxuZHdwVmRIbFdZdWh6UmxsMmNyYzNLeTlTY1hsemI0SUdTT3htZG4xR1dLZEhaazlHZVZsRlJGTkhheFowTDVoa2JxaEhTekUwVFNwM05SRmtOeVowWjZaRWV3ZFVUcVYyUnpWV1JuaFdUNVkwZDVGM2RrbG1Ud1JIV3RWblR4QVROMTVHYWFaVVZKVkRjeFlGTU5WVFcxWlRNWFZsUXdvbVNscFhiSVZHYnFabWRSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/hw62kGT7ZqJ.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", SA TV
http://?cUoxZHdOVGE2ZEhhMDVXTjVGRmFMeFVkanhrVXhkM05TQjNScjBXTzNKM1FrRlhjcVZuVDJFMVJ2Rm5kMlZsZVl4R1J6ZzBSNEYyZHhoM05zeGtieU5GYjEwME5TcFhhTGREV0VKRmJycFZRaTUwUXBwbFcySlhUUkZYWmtOR2UxRVdibGhGZTRsMVJ3aDFOcDl5VFRwM001RUZTTk5EYXlKRFRoQlRUNE56TjExa2V4ZDJhSEpEVWxSM2R2TWxWSkpFU3Z0eVJWNUdjTFZuU2lsVWJEeGtiT3hFV25OMUxxQlhZdTlVTlZsblpDaFVUNEFsY3VWME1vTm5lMGxtTXR4MlE1ZG1NS05YUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/satv.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", SA-TV
http://?bkoxZHdOVGE2TkhhMDVXTjVGMVpMeFVkanhrVTZkM05TQkhVMEpuWTU5MFJwbFdlS1pHVTN3Mks2cFhRMEpqU0hwWGVJVkRXcmtIY1FKa2RXdFNheHBVZVJaRU50SkhXdEJIT1loM2R2QXpRMkFUT3J0R1RxWm1jd3hHZHRsWGVGOVVjMUJGVVRKVlFwTmtUd2tWWTFwbWF6OWlNeHBXY29ORWV0RlZRdHRTVEhWa1JvZG1SbVJVYTV0bWN5VVhXTVZVTzZwWFdSZGpOSFZYYlJoSFdDbDBjTTFXVXNoMUwyRlhVeVFqTllOSGFMQlRaSlpqYm45Q2FqVkhleVZsYVdsbFExZ25heEZVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/64/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_392184001564902527.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Sangsad TV
http://?PT1nZUhwbE1CVkRXMDFVUlcxV1l2ODJNdFZHUzBSV2IyVlVaYUJGYXc5V09wUjNaSUpITVpOWFkyb0dldUJ6ZE9GVVRyQlRTcWhVY2xaM0wwRm5jclFIZFFkVk5sMTBhb0pYWVNSWGRPaDJSRk5qYkpselowVkZjcnBtTjBOV2F0dGtWa1pIVTMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/So3Og8HY4uN.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Sangsad TV
http://?PVFuVTNCM01wcEhhb1JuYjFrWFVudEVUMU5HVFN0MmQzSUZjSHRTZDVjbmNEUldjNHBXZE9aVFVIWlhjMlpYVjZobGFENTBMdVJEVHZOalV4cEZNb0JIVXlaVWNyVlZkQ2QyTU1SRGVxWjBLeUFGYzRwWGVGZGxlWEZWYVFGMmQ0cDNaeWhsTTRrblJKOTJVM00zVHVOM2FOUkdSbWhWZTU5VVVXWm1ibmhIVTRRbFd0RjNheEYwVUhoMFExUlVia1ZGUkloMlNaUjBhMUVuYU85aVdPRlZXNlZYWXlsblE1ZG1jQ0ZFY0ZGVGJ3UkVOeVVuVzNsR2Mzc1VkbmRtV1NkVVIyWW5hSUozS0RaM1NzTjJWdnNFYzFRbll6MEVPRHhFZDNRRVV4OG1W
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/landscape/So3Og8HY4uN.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", SANGSAD-TV
http://?PVVuVTNCM01wcFhkb1JuYjFrWFU0dEVUMU5HVFNoM2QzSWxiM2dWZFI5VVdudFNUMWgyS0JWRVc0VjNVMEZsVGF0VWRuaEZVQ3BXUzRaVVFteG1SVnhHVTBCblRyaDJieUZrUXdoVE9xTm1SMEJUZDUxV1JwUldjUmxsY054VVRaZEZUeXhFT2hoV2JwdEdSV05EU2FGbWVyOUNSbjlVVXlGRWMyYzJOenBuUTI1RWJxdEVhT1ZuV0I5RVZ1SkRNblpFY0NoM1IxVkhUejgwYXY0ME5JcDFMcEpWVm1oV1lpMTJVMDhpVjVSMGRKTlRNbUJIVHdaVmJ1TjFabEpuV1JSalJ4a2pidnNFVXhGelJyaEdXR0JEVnlkbVlLbGphdkJ6YkdkallQbFVa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", SATV
http://?MkoxZHdOVGE2cEdhMDVXTjVGVmJMeFVkanhrVTRkM05TRlhVbGQyTG9sblZJTjBkRnhXYzJwMFExSldRM2czTHQ1R05EdG1WWGRUYVpsR2FTZFdVeVpXWVBSbmR2a1daNFYzSw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/ipgVRU2qhw3.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Somoy TV
http://?b0oxZHdOVGE2ZEdhMDVXTjVGVmJMeFVkanhrVTRkM05TQjNSclFYTzNKM1FrRjNhcVZuVDJFMVJyRm5kMlZsZVk5MlFzVkRaNWxYYmpSVE15a2pickpsWWExV05heEdWYVZsYkloa2JYNUdabUZXVTRWMmQzUlZaU3RXU25WVE9CbG1iSVJUU2pOR09wbFdUdVJVVFY1R2JraG5lNWdYY3dRamE0OTJad1ZXZXRaV01ERjNUNDEwYlNSWGFNUkZjcGQzUXVwVVczcEdacklIWjFKa2EzMEVjTlZ6TEZObFNxMW1NdUYyWjBZSFpObFdjcjBtYW9KSFJzRlZTc2wxUlFkM0xXVjNjTTlXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/somoytv.jpg" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", SOMOY-TV
http://?PTBtVTNCM01wcFhjb1JuYjFrWFUwdEVUMU5HVFNsMmQzSWxkWmxFZEVsalloQm5iMGxuZVlWME1acFhjSkZuU0pGVmNDbDJRek1UVHBKVlFtcFZldkVuYk9GMWRtTldkR2gzYWpOVlJuRkhUNUlHUjRzbVd2dEdVNEowZE8xRVZWVkRaelJUTUZaRGVHMTJjM0ZUVFdoM2N3cEdldnAzVjM1R1VhSlhSTkIzS1FSek1HRjFkRVIxTjBRVE1uOVNPTVZXUVR4R2J0WkVhNVZ6Wno5V1NUdDJWdmRHZTBZVFZJWm5lc0pYVEVCamNOeGtRdzUyVHNGblFGUkZPeWxtTVNWMGE1RmxiNUVVZEtkMGQ2MWtVeUZVVUlCbmF1bDNOemsxY3dza1RRQjNU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Songsad TV
http://?cEoxZHdOVGE2aEdhMDVXTjVGbGRMeFVkanhrVTFkM05TZEdhclZIU3dRMVNLTjFhbTEyTU5wR1IxTjBib3RFVFFKWFp4dHlNQ3RpYmk5MFE0UWtlM2hVTTA4aU0zb1dSaUZIZQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/343/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_705542001514286228.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Sony Aath
http://?PT1nYUhwbE1CVkRXNjFVUlcxV1l2dzJNdFZHUzBSMmMyVlVaYUJGYXY5V09wUjNaSWhHTVpOWFkyb1dkdUJ6ZE9GVVR2RlRkWlZHTTVBSGR4Tm1NYU5YZUpkVVY0WVhUbk5uWVpaelJTRkhiNWtWWjRkMWRqbEhacDVHVXhobU52QlRjdkVYYzMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/62pJAoY3kCM.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Sony Aath
http://?cEoxZHdOVGE2OUdhMDVXTjVGbGNMeFVkanhrVTNkM05TQjNSclVYTzNKM1FrRm5jcVZuVDJFMVJ2Rm5kMlZsZVlWblF3TUdSbHhrYUZaMFZCWlRSejlXVUhCeksyZG1OREpFWnF0Q2FJOVdVSVpHUnlkVlYyMEVVTzFtWXhaa1JNdHladWhuYUlwV1RyRkhXMmtGTjJVWE4xa2tiM2xqYTEwMFRyY2phb0pGVWpabWRITkhTMlFIV0RWRWR0RjJZNlJrTjVCRlp5UTJidEpIUzNOWFdtbEhiT1JsZEtKSFI1cFVkTzUwYjVFblUwVmpNcnR5YVVKRWV3UW5OM0YwYWFWa1VSOTJTMkVVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/sonyaath.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", SONY-AATH
http://?PWduVTNCM01wcEhhb1JuYjFrWFV5dEVUMU5HVFNKM2QzSWxkWmwwYUVsalloQm5idmxuZVlWME1aaFhjSkZuU0pGRmFCSkZiRGRHUzQ1V1FJdFdWdjkyVUZ0aU4wVmphNUZsWXhnRmF2TjNLajUwYTVrR2JHTlVNMUpsY0gxMFUxWVZUdWRVYXZJa2N4ODJSNFVVUWFORGNXVldRMEFqYnV0U1JEUlRPeVFYT3FaMEx1UkdkbEZHUndsVWE2UjJLU2hEZFBsWGNsQmxOd2RqYTRCektSVkVad3BtVXU1R2NyOEdheTFFYUt4a2QzSVhOd01uTjZSV05NRlRiTTVXU0RSbU5MUm1iT2xXWTFVbmEwRkdNRWhGZFA5MmREWmtjd1pEZDRkRFRUWlRa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Titash TV
http://?d0oxZHdOVGE2cEdhMDVXTjVGVmRMeFVkanhrVTVkM05TSjNNSTFHYmlSRFQ0OHlaTU5qYURKWGJvOUdORloxU2pabmRzQjFNQ05IZDJJMVNGUlRSeGRrWWxObFdPOUdlTmRVVg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/340/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_209158001561972797.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Zee Bangla
http://?PT1BZUhwbE1CVkRXMzFVUlcxV1l2YzNNdFZHUzBSV2MyVlVaYUJGYW45V09wUjNaSVZITVpOWFkyb1dldUJ6ZE9GVVRxSlRaakZ6VjVwSFVJTmpTTFpYY2tWamV5QmpkdVpVUlpWRFdxcFhad1psYlYxR2NCaEZXejhpY3l0R1p1dDBRVmhuZW4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/zeebangla.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Zee Bangla
http://?b1ZIVG9Kak5qaFhlUzlpTTNsemQ0NVdSM0FUVHVsbmJtQnpWeHRHTll0MGNDTlZjMFpsUjB3bWE1SldNeXBsYXVobWMxbFZiVlYxWnFSRFR3dFdPMzVVUjRWR2JHOUdiczkwWTQwV2VoNVVjeEpGUnpwWFIwY2tNd1JYZTFFVVpEcFdhV05tYmt4RWVuQkZPRDltTnE5R1ZGaG1aeFFUYk9GelZEaGtVcHAyTktKak5uSlhjdlpFZHdObmQxdEVOcklVVnVCbmRqUmpRSk5IZFZoM1JQZG1lMDh5VUgxVVd3cDFkNVpWVHYwR01PSlZPellsYUtwblZLNW1NczVVUkRabU1NeFdXaEJqWjZ0V2U0RkhScEp6Vm9KelN1NUdNVmRtVm5sMlRvQkRjbmhrTWlsSFV6OVVRMHBYVkV0bWR6OWlOaHRTZHhZR1JSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/j6nIdklOX39.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Zee Bangla
http://?PThtVTNCM01wcG5kb1JuYjFrWFU1dEVUMU5HVFNoM2QzSWxkWlprYTZwM2F6aFhjeHhHTWpGa2RFaG1laFJqVm5oamNCUkhUdkpFVnpORmFObHpVc3BuUzZGalJKVmthaHBtV3JkMk15Wm5XS0ptU3pjblM1UldOaGhtYTZSMWEzY1hTM1pIVlU5Q1NEZDJNMTlDTlp0aWMyeEVld2czYm5GbmJpaDFUdzVXYkpSRWN3UkdlRWxsTlZOR2IybFZVRGgwTmtKbmNJdFVkMVFYZW9SV1RxdEVVdzkyU1U1a2R5bG5RakZ6VlNkbGJYUldPejhtYjZGSGR5TldiNWxuUVBwbWQ0WkZjenBYVjNkMGF3TldiYUJGVEZKSFZSdFdkSWhVYXQ1VU9FSlVa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/403/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_832127001584856796.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Zee Bangla Cinema
http://?bmRrV3lFVU5ZRlhURlpWYmg5eVp6MFdaSVJIWnRaWFJscEZVb0YzYjVrR2RuaFVid2sxY2haamExNUdNMzVVUU5abk1sTldNWGwzYlFoME1LdGtkeVJXTjZKSE0ycG1SRmxWTkRGa2N4OUdWeXBYZTJsR1YxUUdiNG9ITk9sbmJ5dG1jblJWYWpSSFJveDJLT1JGV2pobk5xUnpNYXAxZHdsVlZFTlhQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/zeebanglacinema.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Zee Bangla Cinema
http://?PVFYZE1obU0yTTJkNUoxTHljWE80aG5iRmRETU5aWGV1WkdNWEZYYjBnMVN6SjBVeVJuVkdSRGJxMW1ZeEluV3E1bWV5VlhXdFZWVjNwR05NQjNhNVVuVEZoWFpzWjBjc3gyVGpoVGJ2Rm1UeEZuVUVCbmVGUnpSeUFIYTVWVFFsTmthd1pGVktOM2ExZ21ScmRXVU5WbGRJUnpTMDlXY29KR2RHVm1jbmRXWU54MFRZUlRheGhEWnBKemE2NVVTTVoyTGo5bU5CdDJhdHAzYXpJWFYyRlVWbmQxWjNzV1RFaG1kM0kzY0JWWGJsSlhabnRVZXpGWFVySlROSmxXWnhWMmRQQjNaNU1XTnVKVFpvcGthdmtXVXlvM2JPOXlMd28yY0NCbk1zTlZZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/fU2HFXtrX7d.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Zee Bangla Cinema
http://?cUoxZHdOVGE2UkhhMDVXTjVGVmVMeFVkanhrVXFkM05TWlhXR0puZTZ0MmM0Rm5lc0J6WUJaSFI2cFhZMFkxWjRzbVF1SkhlRzEwYW9aRU5xcG5hdFpIYTJCblUyNVdlVGh6VlBoSGF3RUhNckkwTXBaM2N0aDJUTDEyTHloRWVJNVdkVkJsUXJkV2J1WmtXU3hrWVpSM1V6ODBRejVFZVE5R1ZVMTJMNTFrV1BKR1VRRm5OeEVFTWhOamNsbFVRcngyUndkSE5YcG5WdmhYY0xoMlFtWkhlRzlVTnFCbFR2ZFhPNXBrZDJWSGRMOVNjdWhGY3lzQ1V0eEVNNk5sY3ZJV1lWWkhUUWhuUUVsWGE2QkRSaEZYUXdGa2J2a21WV3BIVk5wM05qWjBaMGRVTzNwbVR5cFVSUmgyYXdKSE00WVRhUU5WZFBoR2FSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/645/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_976761001584535241.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", Zee Bangla HD
http://?PT13YUhwbE1CVkRXbzFVUlcxV1l2NDJNdFZHUzBSbWEyVlVaYUJGYTM5V09wUjNaSXBITVpOWFkyb21jdUJ6ZE9GVVRzSlRaakZ6VjVWSFVJTmpTTFozYmtWamV5QmpkM1pVUlpWVFFGbG1VelVrZTU4aWVzcDNSMklFV3daMVowdGljNFkzUVIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/zeebangla.png" group-title="BANGLA [BDIX]", ZEE-BANGLA
http://?PUVuVTNCM01wcFhlb1JuYjFrWFVzdEVUMU5HVFNOM2QzSWxiTFZHYmtaV1ZHNTJUelpITjI5MFQxTUhSU3RTUUdaRGNoUkVOVEYxZHo1R1RscGxUdjhtZVZwSGRzcEVhS0YxS0RKV2N4SkRWRWhsYzI0V2Q2SmpOVjkyYWtoWFVFbGtlNEZYYkZGbGFJbFdVRDVXVUlKMFpURnpWaFZGYW9SMlZOWldjMTVHYTE1a1IyY2phSnRtZWxkVVJwaERic2RrWUNKbmJFNUdadGhWZE5kRFo1a0Zid2RWV0xkblVScG5ZWUZ6TWxsWGIwRmxiUVYzWjNSa05qWkhTMDEyVDVNVVZMbHpkd1VuZTZwMUtwVkhiMVpsWldsV093WW5XM0FIYTVrMFl0cG5V
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://image.airtel.tv/MWTV/MWTV_LIVETVCHANNEL_431/PORTRAIT/OrhmAikO.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", 24 Ghanta
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/8nly7s6w8nI.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", AL Arabiya
http://?PWduVTNCM01wcFhlb1JuYjFrWFUydEVUMU5HVFNwM2QzSTFaeWdEZGhKR1NEcEZScmRXYUVaM1EzZFhacVpWWTJ4bWF3Y1dTdHRVVXNSVlN6eEVkazlHZUtWa2F3VURjT056Y1JCM01ycGxVblZ6WXJVSE1NSjJUYUpWYjFrRE55WlVkcjlrZGtsbmNrZFhlMnBuWjBZbmVFSkVSbVJuTjZKMFJ6bzNkcjRXU3VkR2RKcGtjWjlXVXhoME15TmxNSUZYU3NGWFM1QlhlaFptZXhRRFdoQjFiMWgxWjRRRU1HUkhNcmN6U0NGbmF1cFhZMndHZDM5RVJyQjFRWVozTXhObmVUbGxkUFZUUldkMlMxeDBTM28xYUV0bVY2SjNNMklqYzVFbVJ4TWti
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/234/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_680337001493116582.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", AL Jazeera
http://?PT13YUhwbE1CVkRXczFVUlcxV1l2VTNNdFZHUzBSV2QyVlVaYUJGYXA5V09wUjNaSXBHTVpOWFkyb21hdUJ6ZE9GVVR5QkRVemhIUklwbVpLWldjcUoyZFFWSGR3cEhXM2RtVXR4VU5zbG5NM2sxVFFGbmEwRkRiaFZITndWM1NuNWtVa3BtWVIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/0iLtx9H8sr5.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", Al Jazeera
http://?PWduVTNCM01wcFhhb1JuYjFrWFV1dEVUMU5HVFNsMmQzSTFaeWd6Y2hKR1NEcEZSdmRXYUVaM1EzUlhacVpWWTJ4V2V3WTNOVkJYYnVSVVZOeDJSRWRuTXJkalNVUm5ka2RqVkxsVk4ycFVUMmMxWjNOM1pFNTJWeVUxZHhORVJ6TjFWclZHUjNJVlZPWjNVeVZqUldCWGRNRlVTV04xVTFKbFoxTldNeXNHV3BoMlpQNVdiMTBHZUVaR1p4RkdOSDlrYklaM1NGQkRXNk5VYWlGa1dFWlVWNXhtZXp4RWRJNTJOeEZuTVVGbmNYTkZjTjkwYnc1bVFxcDFhWFJuVzNJRVdEdDBkeDQwVVVKV2VwNTBMTDVFTTZWWGNGTmtUSWRsZHNWSGNxaGth
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", Al Jazeera
http://?cEoxZHdOVGE2bEhhMDVXTjVGbGRMeFVkanhrVTNkM05TdEdUa2QzUzJsRk5VMW1kamhEVjJSMWI1TmpaTzUyYlhKblZ4WmpVNlJWZEs5MFJORldVeHBFUjZaMmRLcFdlaU5uWg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/landscape/0iLtx9H8sr5.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", AL-JAZEERA
http://?PVFuVTNCM01wcFhjb1JuYjFrWFU1dEVUMU5HVFNSM2QzSWxiQ1IzY3dFVGJDQkRaeE5uWnJFRWI0aDNRVngyYXg1R2NDSldNSVZFUzBoRWRqTlZZU05IV29abk5KTkdjQnAzZHhBRGN2VlVkaWR6ZDZSM1FUQkZkMHhFYTFsVmF2Tm5SNmhUY3N0U2F2NW1OSkpIU1JGMmQxUjNac2htWTZaM2JoTlVWemszZDNNbld3OUNhajkwVHZZelZ0dGtVblpsZXpFSFJxUm1WREpUY3dza05JaG5XMzlVYXJ0Q2R3eFdRQlIwVHJNemRCRkROd1VrZW9SamVucDFiSWxHYnlnbWNveEdjanBuUTIwa1YwTjNTTnhrV2lwbU1sVmpWWmhUYzJWV2IzdGtN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/651/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_639816001571735474.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", ARY News Asia
http://?PT1RZUhwbE1CVkRXcTFVUlcxV1l2WTNNdFZHUzBSbWMyVlVaYUJGYTA5V09wUjNaSVpITVpOWFkyb0didUJ6ZE9GVVR2QnphdGRHUzZkblNHTkVlS0pUZTRVM1VsRlhTMkZFWnRsWE1VVjNNd1lIZUpsRmN4WkdjWmRtUXk5a1kwbFVWYTltZTMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c4/Asianet_News_Logo.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", Asianet News
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", ATN News
http://?MEoxZHdOVGE2TkhhMDVXTjVGRmFMeFVkanhrVTNkM05TeDJWMk0zYzB0a2RrQlRldklHVjJBMWE2bGtUclpXY1U5R2VaNUVWdmxGY010V1V2ZFZRc1J6WnZkbVJhNTJWaU5qUg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/108.jpg" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", ATN-NEWS
http://?PXNtVTNCM01wcG5kb1JuYjFrWFU1dEVUMU5HVFNsM2QzSVZiakozZEVSWFZaZERidEJEYXFaMFVsbG1jbVIyTHdWSGJSSjNhenNtZHdKMVRMTjJhNTUyS0VoM0xLUmphckJ6VW1GRloxbGtad2xsUVVoR1V4UkhiRGRqZWpWM2IwdDJjcmRXTmxkbU1PdEdXamRtZTJSMWJ5Z25TMXdXY3l4a2NhdGlVeGNXUjVoVGM0TTBidDVtWU10bVp1ZFVRMWRYWmxwbWFOTmtXdEJIYnI4RU80a0ZieTFtYzJKSE5TZG1ia05UVU5KV2V0bEdhMXAzYzFOMVlhVmpSWHRtTnJNV1Z6WkVkSWhHWjNnRlJyUm5aM2dIYjF4V1ZCQjFhcmdtYjFoRFdXVkRl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/8bOOXkJ1cLJ.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", BBC World
http://?eEoxZHdOVGE2bEhhMDVXTjVGMWFMeFVkanhrVXBkM05TZG1NNHdXWWloMFFhUmtkbmxHUjJOMGQwVm1hV0ZtZHM5bU1acG5VcHRXYndsa1RpZFZWMjlFVUxwbFZqMTJVRnBFVE5KVWFZWlVOS0J6SzBWMmFDTjNZUjFHYTN0bVFLeG1jekYwUnhWMExzTkZPVWhqV2l0V1VNaEZPQjFVYzBkWFFyaFZSb0YwWTVZV1NudDJRM1luVlVCMWF3ZEhTbUprVzRsRWRLVm1RM3dtVzFoelRGcDNaNUVFT3JnMk15cDJUMGdqVGpwbWQzZ0RXNUVXZHU1bWU1Y0hSb05YUjJkR093VkhNbkZVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/bbcworldnews.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", BBC-WORLD
http://?PXNtVTNCM01wcFhjb1JuYjFrWFVzdEVUMU5HVFNOM2QzSUZhWkZXZFk5aVFFQkhkNU5XVUZSRGVUNW1NcjltZTVBSGE0NW1adlpWWW5GMk1EZDBRemhtWUtGbWJpeEdhREpqVXJwWFM1QlRUMGgwS2hwMlkzSTJSeWRHYllaR1R1QkZhdzVVYzM4V1Z6MFdaeklUYnZoM2JMSkhVeGgxYXZsMk1TeG1NaXAzYnJGMlZCVkZhVzlpUVpCRGN0ZFVRU1IxYVc5MmRYWlRUbk5rYUZkVFFXTlVWc2RFVHFKVE1FWjNSTVpqZFpKRWFzRjJLMFIyYnFoWE81VTBSUlozVDU5VVZFVlhlUHBVYzRZVFU1aFdVMkJUZTFkV2RpSlRNMTl5YlZwbVJUSlVR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/Dh0neKDKLrs.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", Channel 24
http://?PW9uVTNCM01wcDNhb1JuYjFrWFV5dEVUMU5HVFNkM2QzSTFaeWdqZWhKR1NEcEZSbmRXYUVaM1EzcFhacVpWWTJ4R2R5Y1RWQ0pUTnpOME1WbDFZYTlHVnBKR1NLRjFha2hqYWhaMlI1SjNVV0JUTzRWWGFPNVVUMjVXYjVaVk1IMUdicDFFV0sxRVVUUm5NSmgyVkdWemR6UjNVb2QzVTZaVk96Z2xZaWxuVG1wWFMwVVRlNkoxZG5kbVQ0WjBVQk5HV3RwMmJLcEhWRVZYY3ZnbGFNdGtUelJXTkJWVlZ5WVhUamRIVU5sRWFyWlRaRjUyWnJaVmQwWXpOTnRHWjNzME5yZG5hV0pUUnVaM0t5NVVUUUZrZUdKSGUwazFUd2xqZTE4VVR5TlRl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://livetvscreen.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/Chardikla-Time-TV.jpg" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", Chardikla Time TV
http://?eVZIVG9Kak5qbFdlUzlpTTNsVGE0NVdSM0FUVHNsbmJtQnpWeGRHTll0MGNDTlZlMFpsUjB3bWEzSldNeXBsYXV0bWMxbFZiVlZsYXFSRFR3dFdPcTVVUjRWR2JHSkhiczkwWTQwbWRoNVVjeEpGUnZwWFIwY2tNd3BYZTFFVVpEcDJkV0oyS214bVJ2Wm1Wa2xGZGpwR1J4SVZldk5uZDUxV1Z2TkdXdEpsY0h0bWN2SVhNdm9GVzNaVWR5TmxNUmQzWXdKM2F4aHpWTTVXU0V4V1Z5eG1iVzVrZDBjVU9vdDJTeGMwTjVBSGI1RVZUMFJUYzFjM1R3WjJTc0ZXZTFjRFpVQlhkeGdEYnlsMmFHTlhRNlJtTTVaMGRLQlhOMGdIVDFnR055UmtkcnBtUzEwV2J2Rm1jVlZrTm5WM1lrdHlObXBIYzUxMFlCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/335/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_234052001514211142.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", DBC News
http://?PT1nYUhwbE1CVkRXczFVUlcxV1l2czJNdFZHUzBSR2UyVlVaYUJGYXk5V09wUjNaSUpITVpOWFkyb21idUJ6ZE9GVVRyQmpZTE5rTTN3R2VYTmpVVnBtZHNGSGV6SkZaMVJXTjRvMlJ4dEdkMzlDWlJ4R2R6TVVhQ1IxUW5KMVIyVmpRWVozTkIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", DBC News
http://?NkoxZHdOVGE2OUdhMDVXTjVGVmJMeFVkanhrVTBkM05TSlhVcXhXVXpFVFYzZ1dhaDlFYllCelR5SjNVQ1pUWURGWGU2TkVUM0ExY1dGMVJ5RldRb0ZYZHBWbmNGcFhXcHhrYQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/dbcnews.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", DBC-NEWS
http://?PWtuVTNCM01wcEhlb1JuYjFrWFUydEVUMU5HVFNsM2QzSVZkNXRXZHJZVE0yOUNhdWhWVkRkMlFCbG5WVFZsWXVOMmRwbFVRSmRqU3k1a2U1TlZOeVlIWmtKVlU0dDBkMXRHYnlRR01wbGxOelVHTktKWGMwc3lWSDlXZVhKamVVeG1keFpYTk9CM054ZzNhWlpsVjNSM2JITmtNVmRIYnAxVVdWcFVjQ0pIWjNVME51bERieWdUYXpBekwzZDFhMkJuZXNWSE9GUlZheE1tYnN0eWIyNFdacnBHZUdWVmQ1OVdXaEoyZERkVWQwSlRjeFFtYXpoa01pNTBVamxHTks5MGNzRmxiWFZtTnpwM05vTjJOcGxYYUxkSFJyUldZcjlDY2o1RU5HaGxU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn%3AANd9GcSgzI8WihswHdf8aLLNlAn4qF6HsDDlQDZmDA&usqp=CAU" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", DD News
http://?cFZIVG9Kak5qZFdlUzlpTTNsRGM0NVdSM0FUVHhsbmJtQnpWeGRHTll0MGNDTkZhMFpsUjB3bWF3SldNeXBsYXVkbmMxbFZiVlZGY3FSRFR3dFdPdDVVUjRWR2JHUkhiczkwWTQwV2NoNVVjeEpGUjZwWFIwY2tNd3BXZTFFVVpEcEdkV3BWWjBjMVFzVmxWc1ZUYTZ0bVdtVnpaVU5XY3paSGFHTkhaeEZVZHE5V09IbEhaNkpXUUd0V2NQbFVOQkYxTG50U2NNeG1TbjkyWTJvWE00Um1hQzFrUmhSRk5yaFVhc1pYTTJkblp4Qmpia1YxYTVORk9CVkRNNmwwTDM0bVJXbG1ZQ0psWjBoMGNObFVZek1UZTFKRFpvQlhjb2gyS0psRVQzZFZjVHBrYnpBWFk2cDJZNGRYWlNobU53MUdlMU5IYzRjMGNuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/363/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_490544001561970611.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", DW
http://?PT1RZUhwbE1CVkRXNjFVUlcxV1l2QTNNdFZHUzBSMloyVlVaYUJGYTM5V09wUjNaSUJITVpOWFkyb21ldUJ6ZE9GVVQyRkRNTk5WVU14V09CTlRRaDlpZFpkVmR4bDFOcDlTYnJkRlp3TTNWNFVWVDVZbmVzbGpkc0YzTTI5MFVsOVVWWXBYVFIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/landscape/jq7qr2d6FF6.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", DW
http://?d0oxZHdOVGE2eEdhMDVXTjVGMVpMeFVkanhrVTBkM05TZFdXb2RHYlVKVVoxZ1Vjcjl5VDRWVmFybG1aVzUwWnZsV1VIeFdTeUoyYlpwSFR1eGtVeWxuWU8xR1U2UlhXcllHYVRsemMwc21jVlZrZDFWRVV3ZzJjVXBHYllsVFlQZFhhdGRuUUZCbGQ2aGpZV2QwTWh4V1lGZFhSbUZEZHJWMVVxSkhNMVYwWkQ1bU4xZG1OeEZXVXBkRmIzZFRaR0ZrVXhSVE41RVZTcGQyYm8xMFUwSTJhakoxYVBObGF5bEZhNkZ6U1RKWGI1MUdkeGczYk85MFUzY1RjbmhHUnZZM1RybDJkNmxVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/jq7qr2d6FF6.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", DW
http://?PT1nYVNkSGN6a21lNGhHZHVWVGVScDNTTVYzWU1KbGUzZGpVMVprZXd0U2JpNTJWcmhYWWtCblN6cGtiNHBrV3hWVFUwNUdUWloyYWtkV1Z3VTFOb3hFYTNJWGV4VjJSM2h6ZHZaa2VXRjNjWHBtUnZkelowWUhhUkJWWjFWSFZ0ZFhTeWNtYTJFWE90QjFaeklrYzFFblU0cEhORFYyUzJRWGEyRWpZbnRTYzRJbFJ6RVhTM05IYkJoblR3ZG1OMVVYYTZGemRFeFdPR1ZFY29KRWEwRjBTTmgyZDJRRWRpeG1kWmRtTmh4VVF4MVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", DW News
http://?NUoxZHdOVGE2TkhhMDVXTjVGRmNMeFVkanhrVXNkM05TTlhSaTEyTmxsV1FIWmpjMmhVVXpjMVowWlhjWWhVVHhFblF6Z0djSVpGYUdoVmVxbEZUNGRuVUhGbFRtaFdhWGRuUQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/385/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_174491001563772860.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", E24
http://?PT13WkhwbE1CVkRXdTFVUlcxV1l2bzJNdFZHUzBSbWQyVlVaYUJGYXY5V09wUjNaSUpITVpOWFkybzJadUJ6ZE9GVVQxQnphMUVVZFJwM2FOUkdaMEJ6ZFdOVWN2cDFTc05uZDBRelI1TkhSTWRIVXprWGV4cEVhdzlTUXdSMWNoVjJURDVXVVIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/b12C5CpfsdY.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", Eeuro news.
http://?PWttVTNCM01wcDNkb1JuYjFrWFV5dEVUMU5HVFN0MmQzSVZkR3AzZHIwbVl1ZDFhNUZHWndwMGNLRkhlS3BWYzFFRmN1SkZTc1pUVnQ1bVI1ZFZUbGhHZVRwbmN6aG1lcTlXTnVwWE0waERSV0pIYmxSblYxNW1jMVoxYlNSVWFHTlVXcWRrUkZOelJORkhhV2RrVU14V2RYbEhjemtUVm5ORlN6TmtRbkpIV3pwVk9GcEhhcEpEYTNVbWN2VmpZSWxVVTBVM1VEcG5VdmRqY2E5VVZPWkhTdE5WT1NwMGFyQVhhYTlXZHJnbmJ0ZFRkMTVXYzZaRE90ZEdhRWRuYXR4RVZDbG5ld2xWVW9kamIzbHpVUzltWXJsSFp4VmxaM01XYXpsM1ZPWkdj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/655/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_722473001571745473.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", Euro News
http://?PT1BZUhwbE1CVkRXbjFVUlcxV1l2YzNNdFZHUzBSV2UyVlVaYUJGYW45V09wUjNaSXhHTVpOWFkyb0dkdUJ6ZE9GVVQ2RlRZUzEyUnBGSFcwQWxWcXRDYW1KR1ZqcDNLMTlDT0ZGalVsZEhPczlTVjBBVGVKeGtZWWhEZHBWVVdQZGpRNEZIVVIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/672/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_366665001572086539.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", GEO News
http://?PT13YkhwbE1CVkRXeTFVUlcxV1l2QTNNdFZHUzBSbWEyVlVaYUJGYW45V09wUjNaSVJITVpOWFkyb21idUJ6ZE9GVVRzQnpRcUpWZWFWWGEzRlVTb3RtYVZCM04wVTBWeE5sZWo1VWVTbFhSMmxIU1RSVmFPTkZibVZXUXpaVFNySUdhdGhuY1IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", Millennium24
http://?dkoxZHdOVGE2VkhhMDVXTjVGbGVMeFVkanhrVXNkM05TRlhVbHAyTG9sblZJTmthRnhXYzJwMFF6SldRM2czTHRoSE52UVhTWnQyWk5aa1R6TjJVdHBYUmhsV2JYaG5iNXNDWg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", Nan TV
http://?ekoxZHdOVGE2QkhhMDVXTjVGMWNMeFVkanhrVXBkM05TRm5UeEozU0dkMVVzQkhjVDlXVlNabFJxeFVXMU1FUnJBblpFbFhNYVZ6WkhselVYSm5SM1JYYU1WRmRZTjNRMEYxVQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/Z644RVrdngp.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", News 24 HD
http://?PW9tVTNCM01wcDNjb1JuYjFrWFV3dEVUMU5HVFM5MmQzSVZhT1JrZXdkMmNrVkhUME4yTWo5U1pLcFdaME0zWmtsM2RoeFVORFIyVHJoVk5sVm5SeGNHVUl0Q05tRjBjUTlDWm9oblNxUmplT1IxTVcxR1NMWldiWmRIZUhaVFVsbEVOcVpqYU9GbGFIRjNWakptYzFvMWQ1bG5Odm9WZXFsVFVNTkhSbEJIY0VWRld6TlRlcXBXUmlaVWMwRm5ORkoxZHZGbmJFSlRPck5sYXdRMU55TkRhd1ZqUlRCVlUwa1hTWFIyTEtKRGFCaGxNeEZEVnRoemF1WlRaeGczYXhKRmVWTmthcllqVXJVVWMxbFZTWDlpV1k1bVM1OFNNbXRXZTFKM1pMSm5O
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/652/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_005006001571736102.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", NEWS 24 India
http://?PT13YkhwbE1CVkRXeTFVUlcxV1l2ZzNNdFZHUzBSV2MyVlVaYUJGYW85V09wUjNaSVJITVpOWFkyb1dhdUJ6ZE9GVVRvTnpZNDlXUm5aWFRqWjBTRnAwYVZsblEwc3lZdzVFZEg1RU5zWkhhUFIxVEhaamFqRm1XMEZGU3BSellvSmtTeG9YWVIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/news24.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", NEWS-24-HD
http://?PWdtVTNCM01wcG5lb1JuYjFrWFU1dEVUMU5HVFNwMmQzSWxieE1tY25aRVNVWmtOc1JrUXZaMkxrUkhlSWgwWklOVWRvUlRaeGhsVnVKMVlWTlRZQlJuUkxwWGNEeGthd2dETUpkbE14bDNMT04zZHA1R1oyTVZRck5YZFlKVFUwVnpkdE4zVm9WVGIzVTNaYWxrVjRJR2NsdFNONWMzYnBKV2IxcDFNNTFtVTRJRFp5aG1ldmgzUk9sVVo1bG1ZR05GVE1KM1R5MEdiQlJYZUlkbk11bDBWNlZuY3M5ME5QRjNjcGhsWXNsa2RyVUhONk5UUnNsVE91Vm5Tc2RHYUpOR2NxQlhlU0oyU0x0R2QzZGxOWkpYVWFoWFdWWlVlUGgwWlBOV1o0dFVT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/233/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_118933001493115916.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", NEWS24
http://?PT13ZEhwbE1CVkRXcDFVUlcxV1l2ZzJNdFZHUzBSR2IyVlVaYUJGYTU5V09wUjNaSXRHTVpOWFkyb21hdUJ6ZE9GVVRvTmpja2RqYkJGbmRXaEdUQmhHZVRWalV6SmtSNUoxU3dCRlJRaG1jRE5sUzNFVGQxa2xlREZXVDZoR2JYSm5hVlpIWkIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/news24.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", News24
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", News24
http://?dEoxZHdOVGE2cEdhMDVXTjVGRmJMeFVkanhrVTJkM05TVlhaNTUyTTN0V1dpNWtlcmQzY3lsbFY2eEdVaFZXWXpSWFF2QmpjUFJIY09KMVI0RXpZMUYzY0QxbVNSbFdRdE5GVg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", Republic TV
http://?NVZIVG9Kak5qTlhlUzlpTTNsamU0NVdSM0FUVG9sbmJtQnpWeHhHTll0MGNDTmxhMFpsUjB3bWE2SldNeXBsYXVsbmMxbFZiVlZWYnFSRFR3dFdPMzVVUjRWR2JHbEdiczkwWTQwR2RoNVVjeEpGUm5wWFIwY2tNd2hYZTFFVVpEcG1hV05WVEdWVFExVlVkbHRHT00xbWR0ZG5OdzVrYXFWek0zVjFZc1ZETkJsSE11aG5iMzh5YnhkemFQUlhWdmtETnM5U2VoUlZjelpuV2FoSGNSSmxhcEJWYWpsWGEzSkZTUU5sVnFwV2NXSm5aRVIxYVM1bWJ6OENXNUpEWkdaVWE1Z25lcUZuUzRsemF1dFdhQmhqVjZOV2FRRm5hRUZYZGhSVk1uUkZkdmdtZXBGV1V1aEVlcmMzUjQ1R1ZVeGthTWhqY3JGMVRSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/rlCNJtTWjqR.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", RT
http://?PT1RZVNkSGN6a21lNmhHZHVWVGVSOTJTTVYzWU1KRmEzZGpVd2QwS29semR5TkVaeGhtYTE1a05SZGtkeFpuZFZwSFdwSlVkTkJWVkZsSE4xeDBiWU5WYTJWRFJMaFZSMDFrWnJGRmFoSm5UaGhVUXpVRGVhVmtVWXBuUTVGbVRSUmtNS2xXYlpoalVzUlVkck1rYkhka1k2VkhiWmhHZDVCSGV6UUZka3QyYTFNbVl6TTBWcGhXWXZFR2JCdDJOM1lFZVcxRWJzbGpNVTFHTjNsemRtQnpOMEUzTHhZVlV2QmpkdnNVT1pCWFEwMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", RT News
http://?NkoxZHdOVGE2cEhhMDVXTjVGbGVMeFVkanhrVXVkM05TSlhOc05ITm5aalRrVnphMWtEVlBsRWF5MVdPbmxEUm9oWGFGdGlSMWtFY0wxRVVxSkRUbk5FYzFSWFlvcDJLTlJWYg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", Somoy News |  STAY HOME
http://?cUoxZHdOVGE2WkhhMDVXTjVGVmJMeFVkanhrVXdkM05TMVdhRlZYTjNzU2RCSlZkaGgyU3BsRVZvZFhPbnRDU0lWbk0yVVRTbnhVYlBKa1Jyd1dUM2xtVlFkMllyTW5SeEFGWg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/65/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_492797001483519440.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", Somoy Tv
http://?PT13Y0hwbE1CVkRXczFVUlcxV1l2STNNdFZHUzBSMmQyVlVaYUJGYW85V09wUjNaSWRHTVpOWFkyb21ldUJ6ZE9GVVR5QlRVWjkwWUpSSFZQbGtVeklXZXRoamEzVUVjNVJFTXdaRmFMOW1kNDgwWXBoRGRYbDFOVmgxVnR0aVpTMVdjazFXTVIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/b12C5CpfsdY.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", WION
http://?MEoxZHdOVGE2QkhhMDVXTjVGRmVMeFVkanhrVXNkM05TWm5UMTRtVXpsMVVTUlRkRVp6SzU5bVU0NUdlT3BtWjVaSFZ3UlVOTEJEY0VsRVo2cGtSNlJEZUQ5U1YwdEdSRWRFVkdwVWJ2TlZPR1JEY3BOVFdyTTBjd2NXVWpOM01ZWkhiVE5IVHhkVE93dGtlS0JuYnM5V2RFTkdXaEpGYmF0a1Z5Z1ZSM2xWTVhKRFUwVjNZcTVtUVNOMGR4eFVSVU5rVzVaV2NZZFViTFpIVTJvRVZyWjJjV3RrWnNsbFkzWldZd29IZHdoM1lGZFROWU5IZUxsMlV2WkZPc2RWVEROellxZEdOMTFVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/24/Zee_news.svg/1200px-Zee_news.svg.png" group-title="NEWS [BDIX]", Zee News
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.adgully.com/img/800/55144_-pictures.jpg" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", &Pictures
http://?cFZIVG9Kak5qaFhlUzlpTTNsVGQ0NVdSM0FUVHNsbmJtQnpWeFZITll0MGNDTjFkMFpsUjB3bWFxSldNeXBsYXVCbmMxbFZiVlZGZXFSRFR3dFdPeDVVUjRWR2JHOUdiczkwWTQwR2FoNVVjeEpGUjJwWFIwY2tNd3BXZTFFVVpEcG1jV0ZHV0lGSE8xdEVPeXAwVXVGWFdUZG5hMjlFYXFkRmRScFhUc2QwWjRjM1FUdG1OQ2x6TmxSWGFoZFhONlIyYzFWWE9aQkZjaFpITjBNRFJ3MWtiSDFtYXRKV1RzaDJWT1JWTnFWbmEzSkVjWlpXYWpoVVNuUlZlNGhYUkZSSFZCQjNaV2hUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/w_1170,h_658,c_scale,f_auto,q_auto/resources/0-9-tvpictureshd/list_clean/09tvpictureshdp_2056662078.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", &Pictures HD
http://?MFZIVG9Kak5qbFhlUzlpTTNsVGM0NVdSM0FUVHFsbmJtQnpWeGRHTll0MGNDTjFkMFpsUjB3bWFzSldNeXBsYXVkbmMxbFZiVlZsYnFSRFR3dFdPczVVUjRWR2JHOUdiczkwWTQwV2RoNVVjeEpGUnFwWFIwY2tNdzlXZTFFVVpEcEdlV3BsTUVwSFc1bGxZM1YyYjVjV1pLRjNZaE4xYjBGVVR6WVZTM2xETTN0bWFSdDJLMVFFU1VCRGI2TlZRUHRFYjBoRU9oRldjRGxuWTBaemJUdHlaYUpWZFNwM0t5Um1hMFZYWlRwSFNxUnpkWHhrYXZoSE81Z0dlNHBWWWg5U2RtcEdhRDVtTTVWSGN2dEVSNVUxUnhWbmVFTmpXeTVXYnhWbFYzQkRjVEpqTUo5VVMwcFhkdFpFU2paM1laSlRlVDlHZUxSVU1uMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/402/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_789226001563606539.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", &TV
http://?PT1RZUhwbE1CVkRXdDFVUlcxV1l2ODJNdFZHUzBSV2IyVlVaYUJGYTU5V09wUjNaSWhITVpOWFkybzJadUJ6ZE9GVVQwQnpaNU5GTXpjMlRydFVidTVHYXpRMU00cFZlNkZXU1ZwRmRVbFdObVJsUlROVGV2RXpiRHhVYnVSbWRJWkhXT2htZFIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/w_1170,h_658,c_scale,f_auto,q_auto/resources/0-9-tvhd_0/list_clean/09tvhd_0tvhd_328334468.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", &TV HD
http://?NVZIVG9Kak5qUlhlUzlpTTNselo0NVdSM0FUVHZsbmJtQnpWeGhITll0MGNDTkZkMFpsUjB3bWEzSldNeXBsYXU5bWMxbFZiVlZGZXFSRFR3dFdPMjVVUjRWR2JHdEdiczkwWTQwV2VoNVVjeEpGUjFwWFIwY2tNd3BXZTFFVVpEcFdlV1IxWjZabVdwSnpMdk5qV1o5bVd5bFdkSUoxYVJWR1RqUnpad3RXZXhaM1p6OG1lME5qVDFOamFJTlVUWU4xY3ZGbGFxTm1WMEVYWkNKVFNrQm5kSUIzYmFCSFIzUm5lazVtYTZoSE1NaFhVSmhrYlhOVllQMWtNMEpUY3pGbFF5eFdTbGRGVW5CWGVLeDBOeEVqWjA5aU55b0dTTjlXYk5sR1VwNWtiMlJtZTFnSGFvaFVlYVpYUUM1R2VRTlhTVmxYY1Y1bU5SMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://dreamdth.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/09/xplor-HD.jpg" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", &xplorHD
http://?cVZIVG9Kak5qMVdlUzlpTTNsemM0NVdSM0FUVHFsbmJtQnpWeGhITll0MGNDTmxlMFpsUjB3bWFySldNeXBsYXVKbmMxbFZiVlZWYXFSRFR3dFdPdzVVUjRWR2JHOUdiczkwWTQwMmJoNVVjeEpGUnNwWFIwY2tNd2RXZTFFVVpEcEdhV1oxU3BWRU5uVlVXMU1uVng1V2NSRjFLUDFHZVpGMFpxSkRNdjlpVTQwV2FoVlhTdkExWnVKbmV6UUdNQnRpVnRwbFNVZDNRMWRXTjVCekt4VkhlMTVrWXlFelF6eFdkNGsyWWpaSE5yNEdNVU5EYVpoRGN5SkhVbzFrTXhSMUtpRjNNeVFVV3ZNSGNRRjJTU1pYVXh4V1ZYcG5XeGdtY3hJbVNKSkhjeVUzVnlnVFc2eEVWWUIxU2kxMk53VWxTVDFXYzBSM1FSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/364/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_574846001561974497.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Bflix Movies
http://?PT1nYkhwbE1CVkRXcDFVUlcxV1l2YzJNdFZHUzBSV2EyVlVaYUJGYTY5V09wUjNaSTVHTVpOWFkybzJadUJ6ZE9GVVRuTmpjczVFUnhvbU0ya0VXNFp6YmFKbVN4Y2thMTlpTXhJVmUzNUdacmtWUnJvV2MyMDBjUTkwWnJCVk9PQlRhSzVHVm4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.indiantelevision.com/sites/default/files/images/tv-images/2019/03/20/ganga.jpg" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Big Ganga
http://?MVZIVG9Kak5qbFdlUzlpTTNsRGU0NVdSM0FUVG5sbmJtQnpWeDFHTll0MGNDTlZkMFpsUjB3bWF6SldNeXBsYXV0bWMxbFZiVlZWZHFSRFR3dFdPNTVVUjRWR2JHbEhiczkwWTQwMmJoNVVjeEpGUnRwWFIwY2tNd1JYZTFFVVpEcEdiV1JXYm1OVGMySlhNNWRXZVh4V09QRkZWeUZqY3BGak40ZG5keVJ6Wmlaa1NUVkhkaDlrTWFGMmRHUjFjU0JGTXZwblYzSkVOd29tTVFCVFNqQkhkNk5EYTFoM1Z0ZDFjMk5HVzNNblU0bGtlMkZsZDJGbFMyQmpVcUpqYlRKRFdDUjNabE5XUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/66/Big_Magic.jpg" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Big Magic
http://?cFZIVG9Kak5qcFdlUzlpTTNsRGI0NVdSM0FUVHVsbmJtQnpWeHBHTll0MGNDTkZkMFpsUjB3bWEzSldNeXBsYXU1bWMxbFZiVlYxY3FSRFR3dFdPMjVVUjRWR2JHSkhiczkwWTQwbWVoNVVjeEpGUnNwWFIwY2tNd2xXZTFFVVpEcFdkV0pGYkhoa2VuZFRjekoyVFlOM0wwc0dlRmwzZHY0a2NHZEZhelJFWlB4a1NtOW1ickYzWjRSMWF2RVhjM01HTW5KRWFGdFNkNXNHUm5KME40RWpjVnAzTENKbFp6cG5RWUpEVFNoWGFVRmtkbmRUZEdSRlQ0MFVUcmhXYnlnRWFHZG1XeGRXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.pinimg.com/564x/a0/89/15/a08915e3ddc39cddf15d88e686f608fb.jpg" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Boogle Bollywood
http://?MFZIVG9Kak5qaFdlUzlpTTNsamE0NVdSM0FUVDZsbmJtQnpWeDFHTll0MGNDTlZhMFpsUjB3bWEzSldNeXBsYXVobmMxbFZiVlZsY3FSRFR3dFdPdjVVUjRWR2JHVkhiczkwWTQwbWVoNVVjeEpGUnFwWFIwY2tNd0JYZTFFVVpEcFdhV05tWWxabGJvdDJOYVpqVTFCSGJsUm5id2wxZElOMFREZGxRMDUwSzMwRVJtNVdZQzFtWVBCWGRLcDJOU1owZDU5a2VQbDFRMGxtUWtOellJaEhhdmgzVUxCbk4yaDBWM1ZrVzB4bWUwSWxOTWwzYXlobFk1TkRiNFJIUzNVSGVyY0dkdE5HZG5GV2VUSldPMU1tTjBSbmQ0WjBhaEZYWnIwRVdvZFZkRDEwVW05RVZxZERaeTRtYUVKM2MyeFVla3RTYW81VU0zMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/2425/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_109855001609413112.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Colors
http://?PT1nYkhwbE1CVkRXMjFVUlcxV1l2MDJNdFZHUzBSbWIyVlVaYUJGYTE5V09wUjNaSUZITVpOWFkyb0dkdUJ6ZE9GVVRzRnphd1EyU0dSblZNcFhTc0pIYTNwMk1KTlZPNlJEUnZWMVRJRm5lU0J6YzRSMmFteGtiTlZtVXBGbmNITnpRNWgyUTMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/2426/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_260373001609413435.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Colors HD
http://?PT1nZUhwbE1CVkRXdzFVUlcxV1l2azNNdFZHUzBSbWIyVlVaYUJGYTU5V09wUjNaSWRITVpOWFkybzJidUJ6ZE9GVVQzSmpXUkYzVEJwWE52ZEZSMWxHZDRjR081QURUeXhXTnRKbVRvWjNUcWxHZVRKVWE2QnpWNFJuZHBGbFYzd21jejFtVm4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/2436/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_855611001609415813.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Colors Rishtey
http://?PT13YkhwbE1CVkRXczFVUlcxV1l2azNNdFZHUzBSR2IyVlVaYUJGYTM5V09wUjNaSWxHTVpOWFkyb21ldUJ6ZE9GVVQyRmpaajlHTXZabmNUWlZRb0p6ZHpZVFcyUm1XMEpFTnlGSFJvVlhXdzhXZDJJR2FVZEVSMVYzVXRoWFpQbDNjM0puV0IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d229kpbsb5jevy.cloudfront.net/st-ak/yupptv/og_image/Divya-TV.jpg" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Divya TV
http://?dVZIVG9Kak5qaFhlUzlpTTNsamM0NVdSM0FUVDVsbmJtQnpWeGRITll0MGNDTmxiMFpsUjB3bWEwSldNeXBsYXV0bWMxbFZiVlZWZXFSRFR3dFdPNjVVUjRWR2JHcEhiczkwWTQwMmFoNVVjeEpGUndwWFIwY2tNd3RXZTFFVVpEcDJiV05HZHpJVE4zUldWeGcyTTJaM2JvTjNaWWRtY3BselZYbDJTc2xFY0VwV1dtWjNRcmdqVXhGMmNVOW1TMVEwS3lKbU55VjBTUnQyY0lOV2JJZGthNUVsVzFCalp0SkRkclJWUzBsV2J3WVRPWmR6ZGxsbk1FTmtReHhtVXNWbldQZG1aclYwVlZKVmVtOVdTemhHTnJSRlVIbGpOT2RIVFJaWE1QbEhiVGhEVHZjMWM1OW1WSlIySzFvWGExRmtWUGxVZDJvMVQzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/a/AGF-l7-4bzlSDaGznqKGZr8FQX1PTaa5Q59jRkYwYg=s900-c-k-c0xffffffff-no-rj-mo" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Epic TV
http://?eVZIVG9Kak5qZFdlUzlpTTNsVGQ0NVdSM0FUVHpsbmJtQnpWeGRITll0MGNDTkZiMFpsUjB3bWF4SldNeXBsYXU1bWMxbFZiVlZGYnFSRFR3dFdPMjVVUjRWR2JHbEhiczkwWTQwV2JoNVVjeEpGUndwWFIwY2tNd05YZTFFVVpEcG1jV05XTXJ0V1Z1MTJWdFJ6YXExMk53NFdNR0YzZDY5RWNKWm1WdmxHWm1sek54MVdlc2xrZDFzQ2NNbHpMT0Z6UXRWVlN2RkVaSmRtU09aM0x2VURiV3AwVXhaRFN0QlhjMGtsYXhnbVNtRldjNDh5ZElCWGFOTlhad0JqU285bWQ0NFdTR2xEU3haMWN2WUZPbmR6VjJsSFZvRkRTaHhtU3ZnMmRpbEhkbkJqVDZwSFRxdDJNc0ZsUzBVSGEyVUhTeE5tZXRaWGEzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/2428/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_637416001609414006.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Infinity HD
http://?emRrV3lFVU5ZbFdURlpWYmg5U2V6MFdaSVJIWnBaWFJscEZVb04zYjVrR2RuaEVjd2sxY2haamFuNUdNMzVVUU5SSE13WVZWblpEZGg1RVpMbDJZd3BuU01oWFdKaEdVemsxS0NoRmVySldRdFZFYzVGM2FGSlRaMGNHZENWbWJLSmxhVTl5THNwMk5wUmtVaEYzTXk1V1F4TWphRXBrZHJSbFNqRlVQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/landscape/an3L3hgUS82.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", MTV
http://?bkoxZHdOVGE2ZEdhMDVXTjVGbGNMeFVkanhrVXZkM05TMTJkdzltVVlsVmVabEVkNnhHVHpsRVNyaFZPNVFGV0VwWFlxUlVZMmdrZDVBRlM2TmxWbkJWVndORGVRdFdVMHNrWnZKVmVZdEVjd3drV3hkbFE1UlVWRlIzYmloVU82NVVjNHRtVHlRWFE2ZEdldGRWVVhKblExTTBLdnBuYWhKblptWkZlNDkyWTFaWFZMbDJVejFVUnpBelpySlZXUE4wU3JSMVE0RkRXSnhXVHpva1FPOW1jVkJ6UlVsbVUyeDBkRHRpYlFkSFJ2Z1RUQ1JVYTJVRk9MUjNOc0ZqV2o1MlNOeEdNWVJUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/2431/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_258033001610630514.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", MTV India
http://?PT1nZUhwbE1CVkRXcDFVUlcxV1l2azNNdFZHUzBSMloyVlVaYUJGYTU5V09wUjNaSVpITVpOWFkyb1djdUJ6ZE9GVVRxTmpTRFpFY0JkWFJsaDNNdklEZHZOWFlCQnphbzVHUzNvWFczWUhTRnBXUnNSVGIwSWtSTmxuTnVwbmR6OVdXRzlHT24xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/k0i5kbGxf81.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", SET Max
http://?NkoxZHdOVGE2dEdhMDVXTjVGbGJMeFVkanhrVTNkM05TQjNScm9XTzNKM1FrRjNhcVZuVDJFMVJ4Rm5kMlZsZVk5R1JFRkdWYUJUY2FkRmRMUkZWeVpuZGhWbFJPZDNTTHBXTm0xRWJ1SldXeW9GWnZCVE9aWkVSeHhtVkhwSFdXQmphMlJXTnZOSE10bFZUVFZUV0lWM1k2OUdWVTlrZXZFbll1QkhVcVowTjVOalR2d0dja2xtWXlVR2JyVTJjNUp6TTZKRlVGZFhXb1pYUTBGMWFSbFRjMlVWWnlNbFY1dGlXcmxtVExKSGQ0Z25lYVZ6YXQ1VWFraFhab2xUUVdCRmJqNW1lelFUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/641/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_602468001571288709.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Set Max HD
http://?PT1BZEhwbE1CVkRXdDFVUlcxV1l2YzNNdFZHUzBSV2QyVlVaYUJGYTQ5V09wUjNaSWhITVpOWFkyb1didUJ6ZE9GVVQyTkRhR0pFTzRGbllycG5Zdk4xWnpvbU52TkZXMEpFYmFGSE93OVdiNGhFZGl4R2NQaFhZeG8xVDBGMFNLNUVPeE5YYW4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/602/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_226035001584535399.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Sony Enter  HD
http://?dWRrV3lFVU5ZdFdURlpWYmg5Q2J6MFdaSVJIWjRaWFJscEZVb1ozYjVrR2RuaFVid2sxY2haamF1NUdNMzVVUU5KM011VkZXMGRGZTFORWJ5RlZSMWhVUll4MGJQRjNZemcxZEJKamNrWkZSSnRTWXVCSGFTVjBieWNYUnlFbFM0UlVhdk0xUTQ0MGMxTkhVdFpYVzJ0V1J4cEZTUHRXYlhSMllFZFdQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/57/logo/115x115/channel_logo_830721001481302384.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Sony Entertainment
http://?MWRrV3lFVU5ZbFdURlpWYmg5eWF6MFdaSVJIWjBaWFJscEZVb2gzYjVrR2RuaGtjd2sxY2haamFxNUdNMzVVUU5SM011VkZXMGRsYTFORWJ5RlZSMWhVUll4MGJQNTJZemcxZFFSRGVsWkZOdXBIVTJ4VVE1Y2tXNXMyU1cxV1lYbG1kbnRXT1VObmRzOVNRdFZYUnVKSFp5WkhlT1JHYzRkVldMdFdQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/352/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_143317001514373547.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Sony Max
http://?PT1BZUhwbE1CVkRXeTFVUlcxV1l2bzJNdFZHUzBSbWMyVlVaYUJGYXU5V09wUjNaSU5ITVpOWFkyb1dkdUJ6ZE9GVVQzSlRiTzEwZDJvbWV2NEVORE5uY1doVFZFVkdWeVpUYk9obGNUVjNONFJUYndkMWNwTlZkd2tqVTZ4V2M0RUhVNjVtU0IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/353/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_916505001610630048.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Sony Max 2
http://?PT1RY0hwbE1CVkRXbzFVUlcxV1l2RTNNdFZHUzBSbWIyVlVaYUJGYXY5V09wUjNaSXRHTVpOWFkyb0dhdUJ6ZE9GVVR5RlRaQ0oxZHQxMk1TaDJUWHBIZVR4bVFzbFdUNFIwTUYxMGFJQkhhb0IzU0VkMWJMVldXanBVWjQ1V1dWSmtVMmdXWUIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/2421/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_112993001610629767.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Sony Pal
http://?PT1RYkhwbE1CVkRXdzFVUlcxV1l2ZzJNdFZHUzBSMmMyVlVaYUJGYXA5V09wUjNaSU5ITVpOWFkyb21idUJ6ZE9GVVQ0RlRXd2QxUkRwV081Y1ZkdXQwZE1KV053ZFVjenhtTTVKSFJ5WjNkUEZFU0lkbGRTRm5UQ0ZUV3NSSE1HaFVXSk5uY0IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/342/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_015392001584350910.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Sony SAB
http://?PT13Y0hwbE1CVkRXNjFVUlcxV1l2czJNdFZHUzBSR2MyVlVaYUJGYXU5V09wUjNaSUZITVpOWFkyb1dhdUJ6ZE9GVVRvSmpTVkJsWUpoWGJFbFZiMnRTZVRGSGQ0Sm5WNWhGZTA1bVZ4aG5iWnBYT1RkVmN5VVdVcFJIVTZkM1VzUlhRR2hHY1IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/2420/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_091920001610629573.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Sony Sab HD
http://?PT1nYkhwbE1CVkRXdzFVUlcxV1l2ZzJNdFZHUzBSV2UyVlVaYUJGYXQ5V09wUjNaSTVHTVpOWFkyb1dhdUJ6ZE9GVVR2QlRPSE4wY1pCWFdyTkhScWhVY0RSbVJISjFUbnRtWmtsalNIbG5OMnQyS3VWMGFSUjBNTXRXZDZwSE9sRjNOTTVXWUIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/2422/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_395146001610630298.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Sony Wah
http://?PT1BY0hwbE1CVkRXdjFVUlcxV1l2bzJNdFZHUzBSV2QyVlVaYUJGYTQ5V09wUjNaSWhHTVpOWFkyb21hdUJ6ZE9GVVR3QnpTd01VZTVwbWRHWlRUd1VXZEJwMlZ6RWpVdEpFV1RsM1FFOUdlbkZtVHVSWGVXSkZkUGQxU3VoMFFDSkRTMm9IUlIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/355/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_243960001584621984.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zee Action
http://?PT1BZEhwbE1CVkRXcTFVUlcxV1l2azJNdFZHUzBSMmIyVlVaYUJGYTA5V09wUjNaSWhHTVpOWFkyb0dhdUJ6ZE9GVVR6QnpNNTAyZEhsWGJ6TTBWTXAyYzU4Q1NuSjFkeEYwUkJSSFZ6ZFhRMkZYZTVRSGJ0Qm5iMmdWUzBOR2M2VlVVeFkzTG4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.zeeentertainment.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/zee_action.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zee Action
http://?dFZIVG9Kak5qRlhlUzlpTTNsamU0NVdSM0FUVHVsbmJtQnpWeGRITll0MGNDTmxlMFpsUjB3bWF4SldNeXBsYXVabmMxbFZiVlYxZHFSRFR3dFdPcjVVUjRWR2JHZEhiczkwWTQwR2RoNVVjeEpGUjBwWFIwY2tNdzlXZTFFVVpEcFdiV0oyUjNZbWF2RmpkUWRtWVlwV1RROVNhRUZWYjJrelNSdFdNeHgyUk45Mk5PVjNTaVZHTkZKV2R6WURacGRtY3ZOMFRhSm1WelVYY3NkVU9DMUVlWGhqTXJoa2RzeDJRWjlXT0ZWblp2SjFMekpsYTFGVFYwMFVZc1JWTjJ4V1NLNVdNM2xWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.tellychakkar.com/sites/www.tellychakkar.com/files/styles/amp_metadata_content_image_min_696px_wide/public/images/story/2020/06/11/Zee.jpg?itok=MuVpWAQc" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zee Anmol
http://?MFZIVG9Kak5qbFhlUzlpTTNsemI0NVdSM0FUVHBsbmJtQnpWeDFHTll0MGNDTkZlMFpsUjB3bWFxSldNeXBsYXVobmMxbFZiVlYxYnFSRFR3dFdPMjVVUjRWR2JHWkhiczkwWTQwV2NoNVVjeEpGUjZwWFIwY2tNd3RXZTFFVVpEcDJjV0YyVERoVU94VjNjeXBYVngxV1UzQlhVc0JIY3lKVWR6ZGtkdHRXUnROek5ZcFhTME5rZEZ0VWIxaGxUekVqY3YxME12d21VWGRtVzRwRk94OFVlVlJYWjVZVmF5eDJZbGRXYTVNSFZvRmxRUkZFYXdCRGEyUkViNHhtVE9oemJoZFdkVEZqWkZCMWRXZEVaMzBVTnBCWE1xUjNZd2dIT3JrV2JTWkRhNW8wUVhwa1J0Sm1ZSFZGU3BOM1J4WnpVdU5EY0hsMFRuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.tellychakkar.com/sites/www.tellychakkar.com/files/styles/amp_metadata_content_image_min_696px_wide/public/images/story/2020/06/11/Zee.jpg?itok=MuVpWAQc" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zee Anmol Cinema
http://?NVZIVG9Kak5qSlhlUzlpTTNsemE0NVdSM0FUVDFsbmJtQnpWeEJITll0MGNDTjFaMFpsUjB3bWF0SldNeXBsYXVKbmMxbFZiVlYxYnFSRFR3dFdPdjVVUjRWR2JHeEdiczkwWTQwbWFoNVVjeEpGUm5wWFIwY2tNd3BYZTFFVVpEcG1jV04yU2FKMVFuTmtZSFZYVE5GSFd6bzNRWnAyYU85U2RFSjBWNVozYUpSVU1paFdkWVZWZEpSVmNGUkhVM3AyZDVOR2JrWkRPV2RtYndVbk41UVdib3RtZXJkbFJ1TnpjRHRtTkhSSFNraERVdEZVY3JnV1NKTnpWb1JXZXVWV1JyazJhTjlXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.zeeentertainment.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/biskope.jpg" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zee Biskope
http://?dVZIVG9Kak5qcFhlUzlpTTNsRGI0NVdSM0FUVDBsbmJtQnpWeGhHTll0MGNDTkZiMFpsUjB3bWFwSldNeXBsYXVObmMxbFZiVlYxYnFSRFR3dFdPczVVUjRWR2JHcEdiczkwWTQwV2FoNVVjeEpGUjNwWFIwY2tNd2xXZTFFVVpEcG1iV1JXTXVObFMzbGtUNVFIYjVWWFRXaGtXc0oxZHdSWE40Y2tUdlp6Y0lsak1TWkhaemR6S05oRWRVbFZZWHRrVnJWSFpIZGpaM2tHYTNNbllYMW1iMEoyWTFNMmF1TkdSMlJXWnpRM1Z1bEVUbnRFYlVaWFJ3UmpXMUpIVjUxVVNGMW1iS0JUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.zeeentertainment.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/04/Zee-Bollywood-1.jpg" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zee Bollywood
http://?blZIVG9Kak5qVlhlUzlpTTNsVGQ0NVdSM0FUVDNsbmJtQnpWeEpITll0MGNDTlZhMFpsUjB3bWF5SldNeXBsYXVwbWMxbFZiVlYxY3FSRFR3dFdPcDVVUjRWR2JHMUdiczkwWTQwMmJoNVVjeEpGUnJwWFIwY2tNd2hXZTFFVVpEcDJaV1JGVDNSamR2SlZhVWx6VllobVE1SUdja2xUY1NwbmQySUhhMXBYVUNWMlloaEdOMUlUWWhKRWQxWjNWR05HY3RsVVNrWjNaMlpuWkk5R08zVjFjTkYxY2lOSFU1NUdPcXBrUjBOSE1hRmpaQ3hFYjZKM2I0aERhNDltZXNwSFN5aFdWMThXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/cfUYiikqmD3.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zee Bollywood
http://?PWduVTNCM01wcG5ib1JuYjFrWFU1dEVUMU5HVFNaM2QzSWxkWlpVZDZwM2F6aFhjNnhHTWpGa2RFcG1laFJqVm5oamFFNTBjMWNVVnlsblVwSmtTMGxtWjFCMUtCRkZkWjVXYnRCVFJ2TkRTd3AxVnlvbVFPSldNM1VFYjRNMFR3a0hOc1pXVlBWbVpzMTJkd1FYTjRBbmRIRkRlU2hFVXVsWGV4UTFUdEJYVU9sM1QwY1Rhd1JWV2lKWFM0Qm5aeWd6U1hobWQwa1ZVc3RDYVRGM1VtbFVOMmRWWjVRVVRrQjNkMVZrZFB4MmExcG5jNDlpZTNWMGN4b0ZUTlpIUlhwRlJ3VTBhSFJFZGxsRFJ5VldSNFVFTlpoMmR3SWpRd2gyZDFnaldKTlRj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/05.jpg" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zee Café HD
http://?elZIVG9Kak5qQlhlUzlpTTNsRGE0NVdSM0FUVDVsbmJtQnpWeFpITll0MGNDTlZkMFpsUjB3bWF5SldNeXBsYXU5bWMxbFZiVlZWYnFSRFR3dFdPbjVVUjRWR2JHbEdiczkwWTQwV2NoNVVjeEpGUnFwWFIwY2tNd2hXZTFFVVpEcEdjV1JsVXpaMlR2MVdlaE4zTVZwbVVwWjJOWVozWnFWSFdycEdPd1IxZGt4RU1wcEhOVXRXWXhGVmVubDBVRGRYVnJ4a2NCVldRejVtZUtkWE1ETkRlRFJIYXRwRlNwaFRkNTRXY0x0bVp6SkRVUDlrZVN0bWR3TldjcVZUZHRsVlJMaFhaUWRYUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/354/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_838825001584856836.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zee Cinema
http://?PT1RYUhwbE1CVkRXdzFVUlcxV1l2bzNNdFZHUzBSbWUyVlVaYUJGYXA5V09wUjNaSWxITVpOWFkybzJadUJ6ZE9GVVR2QnpMRlZVWVMxV1kxOFNaSkYyYVJkemJ6TVZPemgyS3hVSFcxZ0hjelVXTkxGVGVHeDBLREprYzRSMUx6TWtRNFpYT24xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/zeecinema.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zee Cinema
http://?dVZIVG9Kak5qSlhlUzlpTTNsamM0NVdSM0FUVDJsbmJtQnpWeHBITll0MGNDTkZhMFpsUjB3bWF6SldNeXBsYXVkbmMxbFZiVlZWYXFSRFR3dFdPeTVVUjRWR2JHOUdiczkwWTQwbWRoNVVjeEpGUnFwWFIwY2tNd0pYZTFFVVpEcDJhV1IyVFcxR05ueEdUQzEyS3ZrbU5XSjNjSjkyZHJFbFlqTjBhdlJtYUxKak15ZzNidWQyWVFwM1pITmtNNDAwWXVGVGVTNVVTeE1IUzNoMkxDWjJiaWxEWjRoMkszbDBRNUltWjVSM2JrRkZkRGR6ZFlGV1pKWjJSeWQyYzJRbGMza0hja0pUWXpFbmVCcFVaa1YyUXRWV2F5QjNReU1IWkNwV2ROMTBaT3RTYUNkVmN3UlhXMElVVnpkMmRpOUdVMFFGYTVCekxSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/SJT2p0fTxAJ.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zee Cinema
http://?PWNtVTNCM01wcDNib1JuYjFrWFUwdEVUMU5HVFNWM2QzSWxkWlprYTZwM2F6aFhjNnhHTWpGa2RFTm5laFJqVm5oVGFFdG1aUWRGTXFCRFp6SXpjdHRtVWtSMllscEhkejBrZEJ4VVZ4Rm5aQ2RWUWl4MlNYdHlNSWgzY1E1bU1QOWtldGRqYlU5MlJuSkhWeXRHZDBWRmFrZFZaTHBXY3NGRldya1hhcmczSzRrMExMeEVjNWwwUUs5V2N1SmtTUjlTVnNablYzQmxkd1prZXdaV2VUQkZkdzlDYm5wa1V0aG5kWkJqY041RWRRQlZWVE4yWTJCWGMwWmpOQnBuTTQ4MlF4dHlhTlZIYzNsMFl2NVdiUDlHV1hWM1EzTlRNUWhHY3lwM2M0Y1ZW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/zeecinema.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zee Cinema HD
http://?dlZIVG9Kak5qTlhlUzlpTTNsRGM0NVdSM0FUVHhsbmJtQnpWeDlHTll0MGNDTlZhMFpsUjB3bWE1SldNeXBsYXV4bWMxbFZiVlZWYXFSRFR3dFdPMDVVUjRWR2JHWkhiczkwWTQwMmJoNVVjeEpGUjZwWFIwY2tNd2RXZTFFVVpEcEdlV0YxU3ZJbmRxSjNURU5tU3dOM0xvZFZjWEptYTN3a05YSjNVNDlHV1FkVVJoZDNjSk5YY2FOMmJMZDJLRlJHYjBsWFFCSm1UT3QyVVFWbk1hZDJkWHRVUzNobmEwUmxWdEZFV1daSGIySjJRNUExZHZOSGNNaFZVblJIZTZGMlIzdDJZNVVWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/a/AATXAJzHbboGzA2e0z_qp-u1GOztxtR06EMAtoA0oe7z4A=s900-c-k-c0xffffffff-no-rj-mo" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zee Cinemalu
http://?PTBXZE1obU0yTW1lNUoxTHljWE9yaG5iRmRETU45V2V1WkdNWEYzYTBnMVN6SjBVNVJuVkdSRGJxTm5ZeEluV3E1R2V5VlhXdFZWVnJwR05NQjNhNUFuVEZoWFpzWlVlc3gyVGpoVGI2Rm1UeEZuVUVwbWVGUnpSeUFuYzVWVFFsTmthNVpWWlpkVVd3aG5lME4yTG5WV2VwZEVhSUowS3pkSGNwZFdSdWhHTXNWMlZKaG1leFpIT25SV1lybEVUaHRFZGpsbmRtTmpVQ2RFZDB3MmFydFdPMEpETnZjWGNrcG1VWmR6U3BKbGExd0ViVEpHTzRKRk4wVm1lT1ZYVllGV2NRWjNkUjlrTlQxa1VxVlhiUFpuY1NoM1Y2ZFdTWkpWYjFnRFpKbERk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/b/b3/Zeeclassic_new.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/340?cb=20171015192851" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zee Classic
http://?b1ZIVG9Kak5qcFhlUzlpTTNsVGI0NVdSM0FUVHFsbmJtQnpWeFpITll0MGNDTmxhMFpsUjB3bWF0SldNeXBsYXVsbmMxbFZiVlZsY3FSRFR3dFdPMzVVUjRWR2JHNUdiczkwWTQwV2NoNVVjeEpGUnBwWFIwY2tNd2hYZTFFVVpEcFdkV0ZtVENWalJyaGxVQ2RVTktwM2FhaFVXeDBFYjVkbWRyQWpUcjVHTzBVSE1MVm5ZRlpqTnpkVmJ6SlhNamRYUXpOMWNRTjNaTU5YT2xORFozWUZlWE5FU0NGMFNxdDJLU2RWT2tWbmJwZFROdmQwWmpaa2JUQlRhclJYTmFGMGFGUlhSU1ZUUjVoRWE2eG1jNDRHZHZaWFV4WTJTcGwzUm5sbWRwZFhhb0pFYk10aWVzaFdTQ3BIVXd3R01DSlZZV0JqYjE1MlkzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/01.jpg" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zee ETC Bollywood
http://?M1ZIVG9Kak5qdFdlUzlpTTNsamQ0NVdSM0FUVHpsbmJtQnpWeEJITll0MGNDTjFiMFpsUjB3bWEwSldNeXBsYXVObmMxbFZiVlZsY3FSRFR3dFdPejVVUjRWR2JHbEdiczkwWTQwMmRoNVVjeEpGUnVwWFIwY2tNd2hYZTFFVVpEcDJhV0YxYTBoV1k1VkhPMW9XVEJ0V1lyOXlhRHRXY0xobmRxcEhOMGhYWW5OV2M0NG1hWjVrYjNVSGFzTlVaeXAwTjNsM1JZWkhiQzlXWXNKbWN0bEVhNDhrVzBjRGJ4eDBhM0VYV1o5V1czSm1kSTlDYUl4V1RGZEhkelYzZDBRbWN5azJaTVZWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/7/7b/Zee_Sarthak_new.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/340?cb=20200807173102" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zee Sarthak
http://?d1ZIVG9Kak5qSlhlUzlpTTNsVGQ0NVdSM0FUVDFsbmJtQnpWeGxHTll0MGNDTlZkMFpsUjB3bWFvSldNeXBsYXU1bWMxbFZiVlYxYXFSRFR3dFdPcTVVUjRWR2JHbEhiczkwWTQwR2NoNVVjeEpGUjBwWFIwY2tNd3BYZTFFVVpEcDJaV2xWTnVGbVp0WjFWd3gwYkxGSFJoVkRVaGxGYjFabFFZTm1Zd0JIU1lSMGFRQlhiSmhXTkdwRmR5aDBkV1oxTnY5aVZGcDBTb2xtYWt4a2J1SldhaGhuVTBOWFd2OVNRelJUVXJrV2R6aEdaQ1pEYVRoRFo2aDNabkIxVURWMWQ0VW5kNU1YUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/58/logo/115x115/channel_logo_210245001481302450.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zee TV
http://?PT13YkhwbE1CVkRXeDFVUlcxV1l2ODJNdFZHUzBSbWUyVlVaYUJGYXg5V09wUjNaSUpITVpOWFkyb21kdUJ6ZE9GVVRvQkRhd1FrU2s5MmMzTTJZa1oyZDRKMlVtbDJMeEZIVGpaME1JZDJjeVFIYVJWM2FWZFVOMmdFY3Q1R2RIMVVhc0JYZDMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/zeetv.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zee TV
http://?dlZIVG9Kak5qZFhlUzlpTTNsemM0NVdSM0FUVHBsbmJtQnpWeFJITll0MGNDTkZlMFpsUjB3bWFySldNeXBsYXUxbWMxbFZiVlZGYnFSRFR3dFdPbzVVUjRWR2JHWkhiczkwWTQwV2JoNVVjeEpGUm5wWFIwY2tNd3hXZTFFVVpEcEdiV05WTUlsV1J0cEZSWTlHVVBkMkttdGtjS1pEZXpwMksyVUdlejlHU3BaMmQzc0dkRXBIVmtoMGJ5OTJTRFZGUjNSblJCRmtNMGwyVERORld4Y0VheWRtWm9aMVMyWm5iVGQzTDBjM1J6Z0RPS1pUYzJsSGIzUW5SdDlFT21oa1JrSm5lbk5uYXVkR2N6RTBLb1pFTTRCSE1GZEhTcEJIYjNKa2IyY25hQzFXVHFoRGQxTlZRWE5WTnhvV2VzcDJLSEYwYW5wRVdSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/5jV3f9QxcHs.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zee TV
http://?NEoxZHdOVGE2aEhhMDVXTjVGMWNMeFVkanhrVXFkM05TWlhXR0puZTZ0MmM0Rlhic0J6WUJaSFJzcFhZMFkxWjRvV1F4b2tONnRTY3haa1Q1RnpZNWRVWTFOVGFQcEhjU0ZuZTJZRWJtWmtlQ1JsWjFKVVl6RnpiM2syWWxCSE01UUZka05VYzFnMUtzVlhURjVrZG50V1d3a1ZSV1JqZTZKelNSTmpjc2x6VjBnV2J5Y1hWU2RrUm50VWVTVlZXdzBFZXNGMllhRlZaUnRHVUZkMFExUkdhVWRuYXROM2J6RldXQ2RrZXFwM2IxbDNOelJ6ZFkxRVV4d2tTdTlDTTBaa1lDTkhUMU1XUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/644/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_408712001584535267.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zee TV HD
http://?PT13YkhwbE1CVkRXMzFVUlcxV1l2azJNdFZHUzBSR2UyVlVaYUJGYTU5V09wUjNaSTFHTVpOWFkyb0didUJ6ZE9GVVR6SnpVcUZXUW1WM2QyaEZSVHAwYzRJa2RXSlZPcnBuU25SM1psTm5XWkZIT3NwMmJTcFhReGNWWTVSbWV3VkhTWGRYYlIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.ytimg.com/vi/1afZq9TFqwc/maxresdefault.jpg" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zee TV HD
http://?NFZIVG9Kak5qOVdlUzlpTTNselo0NVdSM0FUVHJsbmJtQnpWeEZITll0MGNDTmxkMFpsUjB3bWF4SldNeXBsYXV0bWNOTmtlcmhtZUJkbVY0RldhczVXYTE4U1c1TkhVVVZHTXdOMmNKUlhNemxWT3pKblJ3c3lRREJYYUNWRWNqWmphc2QxTmo5MlMzcDNUQkpqWW5GWGJScDFNWEp6ZHJnbGJrVjJicGRWTXFSV1Z6czJTa0ZIVlZKbWJxbDNLcjRHU3MxME01Y1VkNGhtVFZWVE9IUkZlUjVHTUI1MlYxaDNWR2REYnpwV1d3azJidGhYYjM4bVp2TWxNd1ZUUzR0U1lrcFhZWnhHT3NCemRCZGpUb3RrUjFSM01ZUlROVzlXU3pwRlpacEdiNGxWY3ZSa1QxMWtlNVZXWnkxR056ZFZVUGxsZFhaMVVSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvchannelpricelist.com/wp-content/uploads/channels-logo-300/zee-yuva-logo-300x300.jpg" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zee Yuva
http://?d1ZIVG9Kak5qbFdlUzlpTTNsamI0NVdSM0FUVDBsbmJtQnpWeHhHTll0MGNDTkZiMFpsUjB3bWE2SldNeXBsYXVObmMxbFZiVlYxYnFSRFR3dFdPNDVVUjRWR2JHbEdiczkwWTQwV2NoNVVjeEpGUnhwWFIwY2tNd2hXZTFFVVpEcFdhV0ZHYnBGMlV1WkVlMUpuVHhWWGVscEdlM1UzWnBwWFJOZFdhNUZsUW1CSGRtQkhiSVZYU2pKMmJ5bzNieGdVYXJwbFpwWjFLeDgyWVhoamFQMWtiaUpqYWp4a1ExaFZlcFpFZXdWbk4yUTFZS0ZsYXBsMWNXaG5ablozWjJBM1NLcDJhTlJrYXRGVWVyRW1OMmRuYXExV2NucEdWSUZuUVJaMGIxZERldVZ6VVBoMmN4MVVTaTlFYmtsV1JrZEVScXBuY3l0bWVuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/landscape/SJT2p0fTxAJ.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", ZEE-CINEMA
http://?PXdtVTNCM01wcEhib1JuYjFrWFV6dEVUMU5HVFNkMmQzSWxiTFYyY2taV1ZHNTJUeFpITjI5MFQxWUhSU3RTUUdaamVoUmpXcWRrVDJkVGFCaGxleGhXZTJja1RqdEdjYWhVTXdsRWNuWlZRTGRXWVF4bVJxbGpkd2RGZUtGR01KNWtTeVIxWnRoRFRNRkhidkpVVjBGbmN4OTBWSkJYU3ZsMVNYbDNWamgyWmF4VWEzVW5iUWxrUUhKbGJ6NWtURGx6YjBzR2Q0UTNiYXBrYk5OV08zQWpOb2RXZXZwWFZWdEdONUZrTjNWV2M0Z3pMNE1GTzZCWE9LUnpjVjEyTEtsMFFCWm1kMWNsTTRjbVlucDNiNFVGTllsSFJWRmxSVmhqZVNsVlF5RlRR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/b/b3/Zeeclassic_new.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/340?cb=20171015192851" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", ZEE-CLASSIC
http://?c0oxZHdOVGE2TkhhMDVXTjVGbGJMeFVkanhrVXFkM05TNTJTbFJIWm1WbFJ1OWthMlJqZFA5VU4zUmtVckVrUjJrWFdDWkhUcjFrZXF0MFIyaG1TMk5rYVdKRU1JbFdjVHhVWlNsbWNHdFdVdkpYTzFGM1JOdFVlTTltTUZ4V1k2ZG5hMWcyUm1kamMzbGpXWVJVWXprMlpEUlhlRkJUZXhFSE8xUkVlM2RHYlZsMllIVm5UQ04zTFhoVGJaZDFWSXRDY3VSMFloaDFTMmQzVXBoVVRxVmxid1FVVEpKMFVzVkVUVVoxYzZoWFU2NWtVYVpGZU5Wa1VvMVVSd1ZIUm9sM2J2Rlhid1VWVnFSM1pyaGxidlozUnN4VVJGRlRlNXhXTVNGa1l4WmxjMGxWWklkWGVycGxUdjltTVlwSGFVOWlhbEpVYWxoalMzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/zeetv.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", ZEE-TV
http://?dUoxZHdOVGE2QkhhMDVXTjVGMVpMeFVkanhrVXBkM05TNTJTbGxHWm1WbFJ1OUViMlJqZFA5VU54UmtVckVrUjJZWFdEZFdRbVpXZXBSRFpzZDNONlZGU0JKM1EzdG1NaGhFVEpOVmRaZG1RMFVsVXRoMVQ1RUdkMWttU010MlRxRm1hNUFETkpsR2V4RkZac2RXWVRCSFNMSlVWd2szYkdOektPUjJieUZ6YVg1MFI2MVdNbnhFZXExa2FuWjFkMFpFT294a2J3bGpTNkpYTTNNblF6aERjbmRGU21aVmQ0QjFOcXRpVHpwblV2Y1dNNU1sY3AxMmF5SVZkcU56Y1FkMGRzUjNOS05YUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/391/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_768627001557730377.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zing
http://?PT1nYUhwbE1CVkRXNTFVUlcxV1l2WTNNdFZHUzBSR2EyVlVaYUJGYTM5V09wUjNaSXBITVpOWFkyb0didUJ6ZE9GVVR1QlRSYVptUTBwbWRCQkRVMUVWYjE5aVJ5TldWekoyUXM1RVpENW1TUU5UY3hoSGRhbDFTdzEwS3MxMFVhcGxaNlZuUjMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1031870066504003584/rs8Z6JhY.jpg" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", Zing
http://?clZIVG9Kak5qbFhlUzlpTTNsVGQ0NVdSM0FUVHZsbmJtQnpWeHBITll0MGNDTkZhMFpsUjB3bWE0SldNeXBsYXVkbWMxbFZiVlZWZHFSRFR3dFdPdDVVUjRWR2JHTkhiczkwWTQwV2RoNVVjeEpGUm9wWFIwY2tNd2RXZTFFVVpEcFdhV1pXUm1aR2VvMTBWVWRETlBkWFJ5Um5jV0pFYWExbU5PcDFMeUYwUlJkRlIxbDNUTFpWYjJjMGIzQlhSTnBIZDVwbWM0TXpZVnhHVVFaRWVWdGtjNGMwUUVkV1EyVlVjc3RHUnY5bWRIQlRVQjVXY29kSFVYSldhejEyS0dOak5NcEhPa2xVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/zoomtv.png" group-title="HINDI [BDIX]", ZOOM
http://?MEoxZHdOVGE2WkhhMDVXTjVGbGNMeFVkanhrVXJkM05TTjNiMEFuTmpsSFJ4c21jRU56YjZCRE12NTBTUEozVDJFSFZqWm1hSlpuY0hKblZabFZWdHgwU285eWJsOTJZcE5GTXlRMFpzcDBRbUowTDI5R2MxVUVTVHBtTXloalVuaFRiQnBWVTVCVld0Ulhkc2huV3I1R1JrTlZZREZsY25oMGI1bzNOcnBVY3JwWFF4WVhUVnhtUnhORGNrQlRkTVozYnhkbE12TldSckVuZVdsRWV3eDBhaVIxWnJvbVV5Sm5TekIzS1NoR092NWtVaDVFYWlOMVFERmpjNWhUVGxkelV0MVdNTDFVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/e/ec/%26flix.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/340?cb=20200430075815" group-title="ENGLISH [BDIX]", &flix
http://?clZIVG9Kak5qTlhlUzlpTTNselo0NVdSM0FUVDZsbmJtQnpWeFpITll0MGNDTlZhMFpsUjB3bWFuSldNeXBsYXVwbWMxbFZiVlYxY3FSRFR3dFdPbjVVUjRWR2JHdEdiczkwWTQwbWRoNVVjeEpGUjRwWFIwY2tNd2RXZTFFVVpEcDJjV1JWYXBoWFF6WkVNNUJsYktCM1lRUmtOeDFtYXlCbFRTcG5VcHhHZDFRVmFWbFhjRlJGV09WWGVtZDFOMkVHT3U5VVJHOVVXTnRXZHpjRWJPOW1icUYzUjJFSE80bGxTd1EwTWl4MlEzc2lXcVoxWk5sRGRhdEVjdGQxTHNKblZPOTJLMFZWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/eh0kXQdnFPc.png" group-title="ENGLISH [BDIX]", arirang
http://?NUoxZHdOVGE2SkhhMDVXTjVGbGRMeFVkanhrVTFkM05TeG1OU3htYndRVVR3WWtkMGgyY2hsVE13WlZNU0psVVNGSGFLTjFhQ1ZHZHY0a2RsTkhWNnRTVklOVWIyRkhPcDFVTXVKbWNRQmpOVmxsUXNwVWQxZ0ZjWGRuTjZCRGRDbEZjek4wYjFFRFV0WnphalZsYm05MmJ1OXlkMGdtYjNFRWV2eDJRcmxqUk5Ga1IySlhRdk1GTUpaRGVFWjFTNWdWWm9oRVUzZ3piUFZYTUhaWFVNdFVjd2wxSzVabFJxRjJaRWRWT3ZvMlVIbDFhMkUxYVRWMmJLaDBOM1pXUzNsVFJhRlhWbmxVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/5wMUvBv8S3l.png" group-title="ENGLISH [BDIX]", Combat Go
http://?eEoxZHdOVGE2SkhhMDVXTjVGbGRMeFVkanhrVTNkM05TZG1NNDhXWWloMFFhUlVkbmxHUjJOMGQzVm1hV0ZtZHNKWE11VlRWWXBIZHJkalpxWjNMMHRFVWxORGNUWlhOV2hEVVdwWGJ1UlZNUGRHVHBabVowQUZWVVJIVXFwMktIbG5lR3hHZHVSMlRxVlRjd0VsTXJoblRqZDNZSVpVZTNzU2NxNVdSdFptVXpka2RKcEdkeWNrV3NGMWJIRlhackoyVnpsM1UyY0hNSnhXV1d0aU1uZDFhVVp6Y1VGa04yWm5RUjlrUmxobWN6WW5VT1ZuYUpoamF1aGpRNWhHU2gxMFRIQkhWd1JUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/2427/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_557742001609413756.png" group-title="ENGLISH [BDIX]", Comedy Central HD
http://?bmRrV3lFVU5ZRlhURlpWYmg5Q2R6MFdaSVJIWnhaWFJscEZVb2QyYjVrR2RuaFVkd2sxY2haamFuNUdNMzVVUU5kV00zSm5SMkYxYVFkVGNyVUdVMjVVYWtablRPOTJVeWNHT1JaWGJsTjNhTmxXVTBsRldyVVRNWWxtU1FKRmVEUjBickZ6ZHFsalUwWjNUMVVFVzRCSFdUSkhlbk5WYTZkR1R4ZFhQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="ENGLISH [BDIX]", i ON TV UK
http://?dUoxZHdOVGE2dEdhMDVXTjVGVmJMeFVkanhrVTVkM05TeFdaTEZuTUtkV1JhbEhjQmhXTlpCWGR0RjJheWcwZFFwblc2ZDBMd2xGYnNGR1M2RjFMMGhsV0VOR2JEaDNiUUpIUw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/397/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_798108001563606957.png" group-title="ENGLISH [BDIX]", Sony Pix
http://?PT13YUhwbE1CVkRXNjFVUlcxV1l2TTNNdFZHUzBSR2EyVlVaYUJGYXk5V09wUjNaSVZITVpOWFkyb1djdUJ6ZE9GVVRvQmpWMm9FVFlCSFdvUjFRNFEyYXhWemFHaDFRckZsTTNWbE15QTNMeEIxWkVObGJFUmpTd2t6YjNGVlN5RkVUdnBtTTMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/2419/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_783997001610629373.png" group-title="ENGLISH [BDIX]", Sony Pix HD
http://?PT1RZEhwbE1CVkRXeTFVUlcxV1l2dzJNdFZHUzBSV2UyVlVaYUJGYXE5V09wUjNaSUJITVpOWFkyb21jdUJ6ZE9GVVRvQmpZUmh6TFU1V1V5SW5UU1JYYTBnV2FTNVVONlZGVlRsM1kxVW5TMlpEU0M5MmFDaFVhcWhVVHZsV2JDdDBOMVVIVFIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/611/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_396663001603016437.png" group-title="KIDS [BDIX]", Discovery Kids
http://?PT1nZEhwbE1CVkRXNjFVUlcxV1l2czJNdFZHUzBSMmIyVlVaYUJGYXU5V09wUjNaSTFHTVpOWFkyb0djdUJ6ZE9GVVQwSmpNeEVWUzRjR014VlVadXRtYjF4R2U1cDNOdlJuZFBOR2UxaG1TV2REYnNaVWN5WWxTVlJtVXFselJPWmxlemQzUkIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/2430/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_487708001609588822.png" group-title="KIDS [BDIX]", Nick
http://?PT1BZEhwbE1CVkRXbzFVUlcxV1l2ZzJNdFZHUzBSMloyVlVaYUJGYXM5V09wUjNaSU5ITVpOWFkyb1djdUJ6ZE9GVVR5TlRSVFYzWlU5bVRuTkdWcUJEY1RkRWNyVjBUM0pITjRkVU9NQjNRNWsyVkRaV2N5MFdjTEJuU29sV09TTkhTVlYzUVIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/2490/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_380683001610126964.png" group-title="KIDS [BDIX]", Nick HD
http://?PT1BYUhwbE1CVkRXdDFVUlcxV1l2UTNNdFZHUzBSR2IyVlVaYUJGYXQ5V09wUjNaSTVHTVpOWFkyb21ldUJ6ZE9GVVQxQkRjdmtUVVJOWFJWRkZjdjlXYXZ4V1pFVlZONE5ETUJOelV2bEhaS3AyVm9Ga2JYOTBkTFpIV3pWMlRhcDJTdzFtYjMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/2435/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_705850001609415605.png" group-title="KIDS [BDIX]", Nick Jr
http://?PT13WkhwbE1CVkRXMzFVUlcxV1l2azJNdFZHUzBSR2MyVlVaYUJGYTA5V09wUjNaSVpITVpOWFkyb21jdUJ6ZE9GVVRzSnpSMmhrZWgxV011RkVhUDlTZTNkR1VCNUdjNWgwTktOV1R3b21lcXBGV2hsRGVTbFVkNFFGY3pKVVl6a0ZPNWRYU24xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/nicktv.png" group-title="KIDS [BDIX]", NICKELODEON
http://?PWNuVTNCM01wcG5hb1JuYjFrWFUwdEVUMU5HVFNkMmQzSUZjMDFHYTVGVWF2QmxZM0ZuTnlja2JXVkhSRU5WVDRGMFpSaGxUMElHUjZORlN6WVdieTBHVTRCbFZxaEhlM0VXVTBOMGNyaFhiRkpIV01kM0wzY0ZPbXBsYnNsM01UbERVeVJVVjA5Q2R6NFdSeE1WTjVkRWRMNTJUeDRtUTBKM2QwWlhZMjkyWWtoR2I0dEdhbEZIVHdJVE01ZFhaR2xYUnQ1V1FrZFZZcUJqZTFVMFZrQkRjbmhuVUpWbVl5YzJWUmRYV0x0U2FKRjNTNWtsUXpKektISm5haE5YUXRkRVIwTmxiMGRqWjRkbFRzOUVPbU5WTnRsSGFTaDBMMFlXYlYxR1d4UlZW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/2434/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_453778001609415473.png" group-title="KIDS [BDIX]", Sonic
http://?PT1RZEhwbE1CVkRXcjFVUlcxV1l2STNNdFZHUzBSV2QyVlVaYUJGYTI5V09wUjNaSTFHTVpOWFkybzJidUJ6ZE9GVVQ2TnpVNXNrVmhWM1pyY2tNcE5tZVhoRWV6Y1VWcVpWZXM5MlVRVm5TNEFGU0RkRGRJZFVWd0VuYzBkbmRyMG1OdXhXVW4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/612/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_032827001584856027.png" group-title="KIDS [BDIX]", Sony  Yay
http://?PT1BZUhwbE1CVkRXbjFVUlcxV1l2azJNdFZHUzBSMmQyVlVaYUJGYXg5V09wUjNaSWxITVpOWFkyb21idUJ6ZE9GVVR4TnpRd2xtZXY4V05JQmxUd3AzYnZSbGVTSkhOcnhrVEo1MFlWVm5haWxYWkhKa2FKVm5NRjlVVXA1VVZVMTJZTmxHVlIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/GZ7tHf1hx1x.png" group-title="MUSIC [BDIX]", 9x JALWA
http://?dEoxZHdOVGE2TkhhMDVXTjVGRmRMeFVkanhrVXJkM05TbDJSdGxuWXhnRlNIaG5kc1ZXTnhBblIxRlhRcVZIZXdkMlpFWlVUcVZHYlFGMGNUOUdjMFYzVDFrbVQ1OFdNVFZEZFUxbWFIbFVTS1ZVT3JWblpacFdRUmxuWTQ4V05ZcG5hM2MwVjNNRlZ2Wm1hWTEwYUd0V1ZMVmtleUExYjZwVU94VTJVdkJ6VjRRRVQxTUhjRHBXTnhrRWEwY1RTSWhVUjRCRFNPTkdXTXhHT0s5R1dpQm5jTWh6UUJsMWN4OVVTTjVtU3ZsWE0xQTFhNVFuY0pObFpvMTBMclptV0ZsRU5LbG1lS3RXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/a/AGF-l79PpOzeVvc4e8mCMMVSLHYVI7Stm3zs4tPvnA=s900-c-k-c0xffffffff-no-rj-mo" group-title="MUSIC [BDIX]", 9X Jalwa
http://?M1ZIVG9Kak5qMVdlUzlpTTNsamI0NVdSM0FUVHJsbmJtQnpWeGhHTll0MGNDTmxkMFpsUjB3bWFzSldNeXBsYXVWbmMxbFZiVlZGZHFSRFR3dFdPMzVVUjRWR2JHZEhiczkwWTQwbWJoNVVjeEpGUjBwWFIwY2tNd0JYZTFFVVpEcFdjV1ZsYjJOVmQ2bDJLTmhWTnljbWVLVjNOMklIYjVSSE8zY21OejUwWXNSR05RdEdPVWRYZTFOV2MwaDJWbTlDYTI5MGJDNUdiNVpIY3JOVE9FdEVielFsVDVoVFdydGtNdVIzY3ZNM0tEVm1lTnhFZHhsSFQzRldNMnAyVklwbmJyMEdWalIzVXJFRmRVeEVieXBsUXc1MFROaGpkd0ZYUXFsMlpaVjBkUU5sV1FkVFFyRkZUUWRYT2tOM1pEZFVOdGxtZUt0VWNuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/a/a3/9XJhakaasLogo.jpg" group-title="MUSIC [BDIX]", 9X Jhakaas
http://?cVZIVG9Kak5qMVdlUzlpTTNsamU0NVdSM0FUVDZsbmJtQnpWeGRHTll0MGNDTlZiMFpsUjB3bWFySldNeXBsYXU5bWMxbFZiVlZsYXFSRFR3dFdPNjVVUjRWR2JHbEhiczkwWTQwR2JoNVVjeEpGUnRwWFIwY2tNdzFXZTFFVVpEcEdlV0ZXYWhsR2F3cGxVa3AwUUJWM1ltaEZaMnRVYjNKRFQ1ZDJiNDVFT3lVMVNOSlhRMWRrZVNsSGRyazJUdkZYVW5kV05SMTBkRmRIVXNORGNKbDFjNUUyUlQxbU01RlZjejkwUzR3bU0zTldVbTlTYTJGRFV6Tm1NdDVHVFBoVU1TVkhjd3hHV0J0MFp5aG5iM2xuVHI5ME16UnpNTVJYWTBVWE9QdHlidzBrVTRaRlQxTnpiNFFXWUJ4bWEwRkVOWEZHY3hJVVdSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.9xtashan.in/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/logo.png" group-title="MUSIC [BDIX]", 9X Tashan
http://?c1ZIVG9Kak5qbFhlUzlpTTNsRGI0NVdSM0FUVG9sbmJtQnpWeHBITll0MGNDTkZlMFpsUjB3bWEzSldNeXBsYXVwbmMxbFZiVlZGZHFSRFR3dFdPMDVVUjRWR2JHRkhiczkwWTQwMmJoNVVjeEpGUjJwWFIwY2tNd3BXZTFFVVpEcEdkV1oyYm90Mkt2UldNM1lGTk5KblN2OWlTQ2RIYkNSMVJxZHpTd2RrZXJsV2NaZG5RVmhrYWxsRmFpaFZjdmcwVTRwMmJNeFdiQnBuUW9SMmJCZG5ibmxXTjY1MlFyWlRRS1ZHT3FKM1NTdENUdnMwZHFaRE9OOVdadmRUU01wbmM1SUhhUlZHZExaMWJtUldZMzFXVDVWbWE0SW1hM3MyVGxKMFU2WmpjbGhXUXFOMlIxTlRaVXhrYVZ4Mll2dEVOTmhVZEpWblZCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/EDghoaQSYjJ.png" group-title="MUSIC [BDIX]", 9xM
http://?PT1RY1NkSGN6a21lcWhHZHVWVGVSSjNTTVYzWU1KMVozZGpVcGRVYjRKV01ZaDBSNFJIYmxWVE13WkVheEZrYTFoSGN1bEdTQnBIYU5oV2IzUkhNTlIwYjNoMlZEcFZZeWxHUmtaVVVxaEdOME1YYjZORWR2RVRPbzEwTTF4a1MxNVdkMEYzZHVaMk40RmxjTkZHU0VsbGR4MTJOd0JsVk1OSFc1RUZid1FVZWhKVmN5VkhVdmQxSzQwVVdhRlhlMk5rTXdJWGJhdGlkQlpXWXo1V2NuQmxXdWRuWUpkM1FRTkRkeUJYY1VsM1ozMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/9xm.png" group-title="MUSIC [BDIX]", 9XM
http://?d1ZIVG9Kak5qbFdlUzlpTTNselo0NVdSM0FUVDFsbmJtQnpWeDFHTll0MGNDTjFaMFpsUjB3bWFwSldNeXBsYXU5bWMxbFZiVlYxYXFSRFR3dFdPdDVVUjRWR2JHbEhiczkwWTQwR2FoNVVjeEpGUnZwWFIwY2tNd2RYZTFFVVpEcG1iV0ZGWkVWRWVuWkhOdGxHUnpRSFd4WUdOc0JEY3ljamVvVjNUMmgyYW9Ga2QyNVdkcmwyYjNaMmNaSmplVGwyYTZCbGIwZ2tZMnhHVDVrMUxsWjFkdmRIU3premR0bEhPVmxUZVpKM1VMSkVlelJHZHJSRWNKaEViMnBrZHQ5a2QwMVdONWczUk1oa2RYUm5icUptYm9sV2IzRVhUdGgzVXdGbGV3RWpjRFJVZXBsRFV0WlRVclkySzF0R2VzMWtOMm8wY3VsbFFSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/392/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_711632001561974375.png" group-title="MUSIC [BDIX]", ARY Music
http://?PT1nZUhwbE1CVkRXMzFVUlcxV1l2ZzJNdFZHUzBSR2QyVlVaYUJGYXE5V09wUjNaSXRHTVpOWFkyb0dkdUJ6ZE9GVVQzQlRTVlpqYnA5MmFYbFhSemRVYnh3RVZTbFVSNUZrTnpVMlRpdDJRMUYwWXJvMWRZaEZha0pYZDZwVmRIVlhRRWRHYkIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/xQCgvBH3bg0.png" group-title="MUSIC [BDIX]", ARY Musik
http://?ckoxZHdOVGE2bEdhMDVXTjVGVmNMeFVkanhrVXBkM05TZG1NNDBXWWloMFFhUmtjbmxHUjJOMGR6Vm1hV0ZtZHNwSE1vWnpiVUpYYk1sSFI1QkhNdGxtYTBCWFpyUjNhRVZtYWhkRmJsSmphNXAzYzJKRlpyczBZM3NXU3BObU1HZFdhek5VYXVkelVzZFdjdkVXTUpsV2VxWkZNbGhEYllCRGF5TkhidEZUZHJGVWIzdDJVcnRtVTNWVGFtUlVjWmRHVXcxRVJZVm1keGhtYWlGM1NySWtkNGt6VXExME5wWkZVdEowVTY5R1N0TmxldXBHYTRWV1RsQkRUc3BtZGpsbFdTZEhUb1JUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/H86bSTqPN6O.png" group-title="MUSIC [BDIX]", ATN Music
http://?M0oxZHdOVGE2cEdhMDVXTjVGVmNMeFVkanhrVXNkM05TZG1NNHdXWWloMFFhUkVjbmxHUjJOMGR3Vm1hV0ZtZHNobU0xaDJRMmdHY21ka2JhVm1kbkJYUk5kWFJ0QjNNelpEV3lsMGF4c1NOV0ptYzB0MlFLOWtjbWRXWjRJMWFzQmxkcjVXVnJCM1JyaFdZV2wyZG9SSFJweDBSMUlsYlJablVWMUdleWRWVUMxMFpzaDJTbkYwVERaMWFTTjJWdFoxTnRkM1VHTjBLU3BtUVRWa01CaERldmxrUnZ0aWR6VlRXeXhVVHY1MllqUmxOMVZqZVdsM1k1Z25SdWxVYjMwa2FZVjNUdjFVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/landscape/H86bSTqPN6O.png" group-title="MUSIC [BDIX]", ATN-MUSIC
http://?PWdtVTNCM01wcDNab1JuYjFrWFVxdEVUMU5HVFN0MmQzSVZiakozYUVSWFZaZERib0JEYXFaMFVsZG5jbVIyTHdWM1pVVldkNFIzYTJ4R2RFTnpaRXRtVHJ0VVJGUjFjUXRHWndnMFE0bDNUbDkyZFUxR01tUlhOdVpWZXVGbWVyZ1ZicDltTUZWMlI1WUhOVk5FYzJKRWVWWkVWeGx6YTZWWE5xaGxicklYZFlWemREaERjMlZWUlpwMFNyVldTU2RtUXlrbWFIZEhlaVJVZDJZMFp6NTJhbkZITjN3R2NqQlhOUU5IT0s5Q2F4c1NlV0pUT3A1VVlocGxUd1JIT2hWRlVtNVVjNXNrWjF0eWNuZG5hM2RWVTZWSFRZSlZPcGhUYUoxbWVGWmxX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="MUSIC [BDIX]", Colosal Music
http://?NkoxZHdOVGE2eEdhMDVXTjVGMWRMeFVkanhrVXBkM05TeFdZM1VuUXhnM1RpZEVkenBIVkpkek5vVldSREZWY3FGbllSZEVlMU1FYUlSMlpsSmxWcWRYUTNNMUthaEdjU3RTUg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/landscape/V6mD2QiByZs.png" group-title="MUSIC [BDIX]", DHOOM
http://?ckoxZHdOVGE2eEdhMDVXTjVGbGFMeFVkanhrVW9kM05TNUdSd1ZYTXpFa1RPOW1jMjh5YUI5a1NuUkRVNlpuYzJBM1VDQjNRc0puZXpnR2RWVkhkMnAxVWlwWGJ4STNkU0ZITlJKMmJVTjNNdkJGVTFoa1VzUlRWTGhYYmgxR2R6SjJidmtXYTNVVGFvZEZkSU5rUjBCWFdCRnpkaWgwWnR4VU94d1VNejUyVjNZRU1vZFhVd0VsV2xabGRoWkdOR0ZrUXhOMlptcDBNNDlHYUpGWGFyb21jNk5HYVlWRFR5Wm5SdGRHV2lSSGExUVZjNEIxWkdKRU1zTkhVNngyVTVGak1GOVdNMGxWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/405/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_153227001563707398.png" group-title="MUSIC [BDIX]", Dhoom Music
http://?PT1RZUhwbE1CVkRXcjFVUlcxV1l2ZzNNdFZHUzBSR2UyVlVaYUJGYW85V09wUjNaSXBITVpOWFkyb0dkdUJ6ZE9GVVQ2SlROMmRXTnZ0bWNHaFZPVEpHZDBSalpNSldRdGhWZTBRMmRNaG5NMzVXZUtSVGQ0b1VZdlZXYTQ1RWU1WlZURWhuTjMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/um9o21i3T1E.png" group-title="MUSIC [BDIX]", Gaan Bangla
http://?PTRtVTNCM01wcDNkb1JuYjFrWFVydEVUMU5HVFNSM2QzSVZkR3BIYXIwbVl1ZDFhcEZHWndwMGNLTkhlS3BWYzFFMWJ1RlhZM2dsYTFGVmNDTm5ORGRuTm9KR1NpeEVjU1ZWV3VGemQyUlVTeUJYTTNjbVZpTjNaME1GY1NWMlRqSkZSMDVXTURwbVk1cEdUbGxIVUdKbmVzdENUMFowSzY5eVV1ZEVlS2RtZDNZRk42Sm5hM1FFV0NaVFl6UkhiVU5UZTVvR04yWkhNMkVsZXJZalM1SkRldEZuUXpObmFpaDNMTGQwS2h0eWNqWkRhU1JEYTM5U2JTbGxWdmRIUm81a1Vyc0VlTmRXY2hCVmUwZDNZUXBuVEtsbWFXWjNjMmRFYkhkbGJPUjNW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/gaanbangla.png" group-title="MUSIC [BDIX]", GAAN-BANGLA
http://?PWNtVTNCM01wcEhib1JuYjFrWFUzdEVUMU5HVFMxMmQzSTFiNUVHYllWRmNKRmxjbk5FVkNsbFlVeG1lWE56Tmo5bWUzcG5OU3hFUzJWV00yZ1RhQmRtTTNFMVIxaGtkTFIxYUNaMk50bFVkTGxHVG9WM1MwUVZicWRGZEw1VVJ5aFVZdFoxTlRoR2FSRjNiVngwTXZzeWJVSjNTTmhIZHZOMmRYUlRSTWhITzBrelJ3STNkSFJuZVF0Q2UxZFZTaTEyUkZ0R2F6dDJaekZuZHVWV1RIZEdVMkJWYlFaV1lzOUdaNGtYTXhFSGJxbDJSRVJVV3dkbVQxQjFiU3RXZFNsbE53Y2thMGxsVkxGVGJ0RlZXQmRYVG1oMmE0dFVUeXNtYkhCekxyWlZP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="MUSIC [BDIX]", GaanBangla TV
http://?eEoxZHdOVGE2MUdhMDVXTjVGMWFMeFVkanhrVXNkM05TeFdWWUJYYVhGSGU0Y2xidlFsTTFvbE41WkZhdmh6VkxGWGNxcEdTME1FZDFJRmNuRkVUb1prU0l0MkwzVm5ZelVXVQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/2432/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_191682001609414705.png" group-title="MUSIC [BDIX]", MTV Beats HD
http://?PT1RZEhwbE1CVkRXcDFVUlcxV1l2MDJNdFZHUzBSMmQyVlVaYUJGYW85V09wUjNaSWRHTVpOWFkyb1dldUJ6ZE9GVVR4SmpkbmxGYXR4V2NrRjJiWFZVYWlabk10WmxOeHhVZHdzQ1VVZFdSWEJUV1BGbmJQcGtkNVpHTXV4R2N0eG1TdU5YZFIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/1HdlD6Nlx39.png" group-title="MUSIC [BDIX]", Music India
http://?PW9tVTNCM01wcDNjb1JuYjFrWFV4dEVUMU5HVFM1MmQzSVZhT1JVZHdkMmNrVkhUNE4yTWo5U1pLaFdaME0zWmtsWGRpUkZPdTlXT3FWWFp4RURTS2RXZE1KV1lHVkdieUFUWWhSbE40OWlURWRtYk9oV1Y0cG5XUUYzYm5kemJ5dFdWMnhHTVhaV1p1bG1lYUpXYURGVmVQOVVlbWxVY3pwVWFWRkZTeEFuTlpCWFlaWmtiMDVFWk45V040dDJhdkZsYUJabk16bFVibEZtYzRkMllRWlRXNHRVVlJCbGFoOTJTSlpsVU5obWIyTXpRRk5FTXVGR01VUmpZdzlXUWxSV1kxRUViekpsYkhkbFM0UlhjeVJFVktKSGV1eFVhckYzWmxWMmMxWUZW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="MUSIC [BDIX]", RTV Music| Jagobd.com
http://?ekoxZHdOVGE2NUdhMDVXTjVGVmJMeFVkanhrVTFkM05TTjNReU1uTjBFRmJwWm5ibFJYV1BGR1V1UkRPRVJsYXB0bVN6aHpZREJuYTA5eWFsNWtkcWxUUjRWSGJQTjNaM01tZA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/Xqf99tBaKw2.png" group-title="MUSIC [BDIX]", Sangeet Bangla
http://?PXNtVTNCM01wcFhjb1JuYjFrWFU2dEVUMU5HVFNsMmQzSUZjSHR5YTVjbmNEUldjM3BXZE9aVFVIRlhjMlpYVjZoRmVFTjNUTWhGTnAxRVdtWkVUU2QzWVlSbVJvUmxhMklEUk5wa1dyVjBiMmNYU1hKWGR4aFVWNWttYnpCVFRWTkVjcEJUZTJrekxIbDJhVWxHT2lGamNTUnpOdTFtYW8xa2VGUldWeXRXZXNCMVIyeFViNU4zWTFZMVE1aFZiSVpXT3BsR1V2UnpNbEprYU9CSFMzcFVjeUpYUkYxVVdFeG1RMUEzTVVKM1pNSmthVWgzYXRObVkwY0Rja1ozVFFWbGQ0TjBabHR5TW1Sa1J5aEhPWGRVYXZ4V1p5OVdPeW9XZXlNbVJJUkdk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/sangeetbangla.png" group-title="MUSIC [BDIX]", SANGEET-BANGLA
http://?b0oxZHdOVGE2NUdhMDVXTjVGbGVMeFVkanhrVTJkM05TNTJOWVJYVVBsMVpyMGtkb3RTUUZoRmVyTkZkUjVrV0w1V2FNSkdjc0ZYYjNzQ1dFSlZXM2hEYzBzRWExaFhaWWxtU3Fsa2FSWnpaVTl5YnBkVmVNaFRhMkVuVmhCWFpHVlhlNE1YZTROWE53eFVTaFIwUjU4V2M0MGtOMTRVZXY0V05HdFVUdmhFZEJoblU0ZzJLNVIzU0NGV2RCbEhOd3BuVHJkWFRyZFZNNUZYWW9sV1JySmxkcGhEYnZoVVMwZFZXVjFtVTEwbVJXcDJONHgyYnZ3RU5JRmpVcnRpUmxaMVpJOUdOdEJIYm1OWGVSUjBad1lGVzBCMVF5RlRjMGhXU3dFVlcxb0hjMk0wTGhOVFMwaERUNU4zWlpwSGR6RnphMEIxYU1oRmFuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/2433/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_875184001609660101.png" group-title="MUSIC [BDIX]", VH1 HD
http://?PT1RY0hwbE1CVkRXdDFVUlcxV1l2czJNdFZHUzBSV2QyVlVaYUJGYXE5V09wUjNaSXRHTVpOWFkybzJadUJ6ZE9GVVQ0QmpXYUZtVnJZblp5RW5RUWQwWkd0bVR0VnpZdTVrZWlCSFpQVjNUbGQxTGlOa2F4TldWSHBVU25wbGV6azJkeGhHTW4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/1120/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_848669001584341629.png" group-title="SCIENCE & ANIMAL [BDIX]", Animal Planet HD
http://?MWRrV3lFVU5ZaFhURlpWYmg5aWR6MFdaSVJIWjZaWFJscEZVbzUyYjVrR2RuaGthd2sxY2haamFwNUdNMzVVUU5WM00zVWtTSEZtYkdGa2U1cFhkeDUyVkpGalJhMVdaMDQwVUpaRmUzTURPTkpsYzZCamFyZzFZeVluY3AxV1F6c2llclJrTlFWMlUzQmxiWnhtWnFoR1dwSjFkeGhYYVp0bVZQRlZQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/357/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_222873001584536407.png" group-title="SCIENCE & ANIMAL [BDIX]", Discovery
http://?PT1RZUhwbE1CVkRXNTFVUlcxV1l2azJNdFZHUzBSR2UyVlVaYUJGYXo5V09wUjNaSUJITVpOWFkyb1didUJ6ZE9GVVQ0SmpNeEVWUzRRSE14VlVadXRHYTF4R2U1cDNOcFJuZFBOV1VDcEhWcklUVFRSM2JRaEdjVWRtYTVKWGFZcFVOQ2RHZEIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/378/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_538144001561973666.png" group-title="SCIENCE & ANIMAL [BDIX]", Discovery Science
http://?PT1RZUhwbE1CVkRXbjFVUlcxV1l2VTNNdFZHUzBSV2UyVlVaYUJGYW85V09wUjNaSTVHTVpOWFkybzJkdUJ6ZE9GVVQySkRSTlJIYnhSM1VzWm1Sa0JYZEZsMlJLRmpUNUptZXR0Q1NJWkhibXBXWlVOSGFZRjJkVmxYVXNaVU5ZZERWSjUyVlIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/379/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_616779001554389159.png" group-title="SCIENCE & ANIMAL [BDIX]", Discovery Turbo
http://?PT1BYkhwbE1CVkRXNjFVUlcxV1l2ODJNdFZHUzBSR2MyVlVaYUJGYXo5V09wUjNaSXRHTVpOWFkyb21kdUJ6ZE9GVVRvQkRSd1lEVHhjR1RqdDBTdjhtZHJwMlQybDNkckJ6VTZ0Q1JKWlhjdVpWWXZ4MmJEaFVXck5WVjVGbU1IbHpVemxHTTMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="SCIENCE & ANIMAL [BDIX]", RT Documentary
http://?ckoxZHdOVGE2bEhhMDVXTjVGRmVMeFVkanhrVXZkM05TaEdkeG9HVG9sMVowTm1lMjhFZTVvM2MwVnpLM2hFVnZWSE1HQlRUakZ6ZHlGRVM0WUhONVowUjFKVU5FaFdiRmRWUg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/396/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_640718001563607067.png" group-title="SCIENCE & ANIMAL [BDIX]", Sony BBC Earth
http://?PT13WkhwbE1CVkRXbzFVUlcxV1l2ZzNNdFZHUzBSR2MyVlVaYUJGYTA5V09wUjNaSWRHTVpOWFkyb1dhdUJ6ZE9GVVQ1SlRiMm9XYjRjWGNZbFhZMGtHZDNkbGF5Y1dZMXRXZHFWa1lDeDJiUkZHYW0xMmJyNVVRM01HY29oMUttNWtRSE4zYVIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/670/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_960661001610174299.png" group-title="SCIENCE & ANIMAL [BDIX]", Sony BBC Earth HD
http://?eWRrV3lFVU5ZcFhURlpWYmg5Q2F6MFdaSVJIWnZaWFJscEZVb2QyYjVrR2RuaFVld2sxY2haamF4NUdNMzVVUU41bU10WmphdGhEYnhoVmVoUlRhcWQzVnFKelpoSjNhMXBXUnNObGFYZDFTTWQwY3RGblNDbEdUa1pYZTJ0U1VwQkhkTEZrU1NSM04ydFdSeFZsVHlVSGFFWmpaRUJIY21sbWVzbFVQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/608/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_763921001610370189.png" group-title="SCIENCE & ANIMAL [BDIX]", TLC HD
http://?PT1RZUhwbE1CVkRXMjFVUlcxV1l2RTNNdFZHUzBSV2EyVlVaYUJGYXQ5V09wUjNaSWhHTVpOWFkyb0dldUJ6ZE9GVVRzRnpic2xUV2g5V1QxWTJRVk5VYzVaMUxqbGpXbmxYWU1WMGJqOW1kRWgwYlRGRGNLeFVZcVowVnhOM2R2bHpVMWMzWUIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/mKr06GiMQZ4.png" group-title="SPORTS [BDIX]", Esport 24
http://?MkoxZHdOVGE2UkhhMDVXTjVGRmRMeFVkanhrVXpkM05TVm5SNjEyS3RKbWJYdEdlaFJHY0tOblMwaG5TYUZYTlI5bWI0TjJORDlFZFBORGNVdGtTbkJUWjAxRVRpaEdiU0pGWnV0U2V5TUZNV0YyUTZCblJpaDFLMkFITTFaR2FsbFVlUGgwTldwRVJzWkZWeUUwYXYxMk01UlhjT05GYmtWM01WQm5RbzVHYW5aMmQzTW5WU0ZVUjFCSGI2RlRaellUUndGMllqWkRSMFVYZElsR1RWWkVjc1pWTjJaVVI1RnphelpGVlVsbWF2WVhSMHAzY2xWM04yTjBLeUJYVlloMmQzb0dXSDFVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/351/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_819695001609840072.png" group-title="SPORTS [BDIX]", Sony Six
http://?PT1nYUhwbE1CVkRXMjFVUlcxV1l2czJNdFZHUzBSV2IyVlVaYUJGYTU5V09wUjNaSWhHTVpOWFkybzJjdUJ6ZE9GVVQxSkRNNUVtUjQ5bWFwWlhZbFJWYXFOMFpzbG5RNTVrVXVwME5KNVdkaWxuZWpoV2NwWmtNUlZUV3JOamVSVlRkeXAyU1IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/s8IBAPVHazB.png" group-title="SPORTS [BDIX]", Sony Six
http://?ekoxZHdOVGE2MUdhMDVXTjVGVmJMeFVkanhrVTZkM05TQjNScmtYTzNKM1FrRlhhcVZuVDJFMVJxRm5kMlZsZVlaSFJXdFNlVzVtY1l0V05ZeGtWb1JsWk1sVlJOTkhVRmRHYzJsVmEwVTNheUpHVDZWMFlzbERWemNtZU9SRGQwTlRhREpGVGlsRVUwTjFNVHAwUnp0R1owSVZUM2dIZUxWM0w1WUZUc3BWZDVNMGN6OG1jcmMzS3l0R2J5MEdXWUJUZW81V1JrWmpWVGxuVGxCMUxKVmxlMmdWYjE4MGR0SkZadk1rZFBwV1FYTkZjeVYyYzVaMVRaUjBVb1JHU1BwbFR3MG1UQ2xVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/606/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_532142001572844781.png" group-title="SPORTS [BDIX]", Sony Six HD
http://?PT1BYUhwbE1CVkRXbzFVUlcxV1l2ODJNdFZHUzBSV2UyVlVaYUJGYTE5V09wUjNaSU5ITVpOWFkyb21jdUJ6ZE9GVVRvTkROV0ZqVTVKM05oZEZWVFZVY0poM0t4cDNUNkZsVzRZSGJoaDJjMWhFTjFva2Qya2pVUWhHVHRWWFVhOVVjNHMyUUIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/49/logo/115x115/channel_logo_293798001481298412.png" group-title="SPORTS [BDIX]", SONY TEN 1
http://?PT1BZEhwbE1CVkRXeTFVUlcxV1l2WTNNdFZHUzBSbWEyVlVaYUJGYTY5V09wUjNaSXBHTVpOWFkyb1dldUJ6ZE9GVVR1SkRTT0YyZDVvM1Mya1dUeXMwY1BSbmJXNUVOeUZWYjFkemJYaFdhcllYTUhSMWMwb21kblZYVHdGMWF5RWpkVTkyU1IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/603/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_524057001567842834.png" group-title="SPORTS [BDIX]", Sony Ten 1 HD
http://?PT1nZEhwbE1CVkRXczFVUlcxV1l2YzNNdFZHUzBSMmMyVlVaYUJGYW45V09wUjNaSUpITVpOWFkyb0dldUJ6ZE9GVVQ2SlRXSmxqVXhWWFMxTjFMMmwzYXZSMWFTcGxWdXR5UmlGSE9KOTJZNFVWYUJOamFWcG5SdUZtTTU5R1o0STNjeTkyTjMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/50/logo/115x115/channel_logo_081896001481298442.png" group-title="SPORTS [BDIX]", SONY TEN 2
http://?PT1RYUhwbE1CVkRXcjFVUlcxV1l2QTNNdFZHUzBSV2UyVlVaYUJGYTY5V09wUjNaSWhITVpOWFkyb0dldUJ6ZE9GVVR0RnpkTUpIVEhaSE1qRm1SM1JWYzBSV1lHWmtlenBsTUx0MkxNOTJTd1YxVjAwRWF0Rm1TU0JUY29KME1DZDFLVDUyUzMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/27bE6UrXVzf.png" group-title="SPORTS [BDIX]", SONY TEN 2
http://?PWduVTNCM01wcG5kb1JuYjFrWFVudEVUMU5HVFNKM2QzSUZjSHR5WjVjbmNEUldjdXBXZE9aVFVIUlhjMlpYVjZoVmVDWkVXNmRXWjFaWFp1Rm5OS2QzWndabFJ1ZEhkMnRHTU5kMFR1RkhPRFJqYjMwMkwyZFVleTFrYzJwMmJtWmxhM1ZUZHNsbldPZG1TNUkyUzJZelpsQkZjNnRpUXlGWFJtRlZObTVHWkdOelNQbDFkYU5IWmtoRVNxcEVaQ2hWZXpFM2NzaGpjWWRGYmsxR2RoaFVTclpWVzQwbVNRZDJMRVpuWVlkamJ5a25ld0JGYnhGamVPaFdNMWhtZDN3VVEyWVRkNHNDZDRwM05yMWtVd2MzY3pCM0wxWmxjeU1IY2tSbldCaEdO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/604/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_995268001567842888.png" group-title="SPORTS [BDIX]", Sony Ten 2 HD
http://?PT1RZUhwbE1CVkRXMjFVUlcxV1l2ZzJNdFZHUzBSR2IyVlVaYUJGYW85V09wUjNaSXhHTVpOWFkybzJkdUJ6ZE9GVVRzQmphaWRUVFVwbVlxdHlaSEoyZElsRVV5UjNLdnRHU0JWWGVKcEdTNEpEYWtOWGRteEdNWjVtVXVwWE9FZEhPQzltYUIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/51/logo/115x115/channel_logo_085025001481298469.png" group-title="SPORTS [BDIX]", SONY TEN 3
http://?PT1nZEhwbE1CVkRXbjFVUlcxV1l2YzJNdFZHUzBSMmQyVlVaYUJGYXQ5V09wUjNaSUJITVpOWFkyb0dkdUJ6ZE9GVVRzQnpaeU0zS3VKSFN5WUVVbjlTZGpOMU0wZFdOM2gxS3pZM1ExeG1ld2xUTXhaRmVERlROcGxXWnFGV1k0SjFUckUzU1IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/2418/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_060335001610628658.png" group-title="SPORTS [BDIX]", Sony Ten 3 HD
http://?PT1BY0hwbE1CVkRXdTFVUlcxV1l2YzJNdFZHUzBSV2EyVlVaYUJGYXQ5V09wUjNaSVpITVpOWFkyb21hdUJ6ZE9GVVQzTnpkQkpuY0xsWFZyWkdkNXBuYXZnRFRqTmthcXAxYk5kRWEzdFdidlpWVnJjWGN5YzNUSEZEZW9GVFRHTlVTQmgzY24xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/sonysixhd.png" group-title="SPORTS [BDIX]", SONY-SIX
http://?PVVuVTNCM01wcG5ib1JuYjFrWFV6dEVUMU5HVFNwM2QzSWxkWmxrZEVsalloQm5id2xuZVlWME1adFdjSkZuU0pGMWRFQkZkNjlVVnlkelM0ZGpRTXBITWhaVU56d0djdHQyWVZCek0wVmxla1JYTU9sbk5rVlhScjFFZTRRalJuUjJkbkZIWlRKbVpWbG1ZbTlVYlBObGM1OG1VdTVHZW94MmR2Z0RlS05uYjVORVJuZHpjR3BVZEVoblIzVmxTeVpWTWpsMmEzTUVjMUJqY0w1bVZwUjJOc3hXWUVkVk8zTW5ibmwzYVVoRWJoTjBZUWx6YXZ4MmJJUmxZNWQzUzFnR1MzTjJhNGNWTlRWM1IyMVVUM1JXYnhsbVZSUmpXSlZWZDJnMU5ySW5j
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/sony-ten-1.png" group-title="SPORTS [BDIX]", SONY-TEN-1
http://?PW9tVTNCM01wcG5hb1JuYjFrWFU0dEVUMU5HVFNkM2QzSWxhNmRuZGlOMWJYWlhNd1pFT3g5RVYxMW1ieEVXT0taRWJLWlZaVnBrTXJkemNLZDJTVGgzWlU5RVdIbHpiSzUwTHBKbFp2RmpWb3BIUjNNWFkzbzBhMVZVYXZVMFU0SUVTelJWUXdNVmNSMTJVRmhtVlB0R2NOVmphWEJWVzNObU16cDJMdXBITVdkMVMwWkZhelVVVHZKbU10aDFiNVYyUmlwV1o2WmpUcjkyZFROMWNZRm5kMXRrU0VsVlowVW5VdTUwUXN4MGIzWUVUV0pGWjVsR2J3TjFWWFJIV1hSa05FSkdkeHR5YndFRVM2VmtjTGgwTm01R1N2aFVXVTlrYzQwV1cxRlZU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/sony-ten-2.png" group-title="SPORTS [BDIX]", SONY-TEN-2
http://?PWNtVTNCM01wcEhkb1JuYjFrWFU1dEVUMU5HVFN4MmQzSWxhNmRuZWlOMWJYWlhNcFpFT3g5RVYxSm5ieEVXT0taRWFKeFdTdklWUTU1bVFqcDNjVUpIVkhsMWMxZ0dhWVZGZXBsa1R6bGxSdkFYYktOM00yaDFhWVIxYlJkRFVwUlZicVZITXg4aWFabG5RT1IzTjBzMGIybzNVTWxXTnRwSE54a3pRYXhtTVBOVE5vRm1ib1JVT2lkM1M1Rm5TNFVHWlQ5R1JOUjBib2QwZG8xMmJvUlRXd2hFU2xCMWF4MFdZQ0oyUW41a2RvWkdXd1kyVnpOWFREaGtXSmQzTU90U1E1QVRhMXdrU09GRFJvZEViV1pqZXJOSFV6aEhSMEJ6WnlnRFUxbGph
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="ISLAMIC [BDIX]", Al Dawah TV
http://?ckoxZHdOVGE2bEhhMDVXTjVGRmRMeFVkanhrVXhkM05TNW1RNXMyTENoVGJEVlVlU1JWVFVsVWM1cG1lTkZXYk14MllzcFhXd2tqYXlGRmQ2eFVNekpqV21SMVNhdEdjWlpuYw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/7OI0UNq6t12.png" group-title="ISLAMIC [BDIX]", ARY Qtv
http://?cEoxZHdOVGE2OUdhMDVXTjVGRmRMeFVkanhrVXNkM05TZG1NNElYWWloMFFhUjBjbmxHUjJOMGQxVm1hV0ZtZHNsWE00a0RPSjkwYWhSRGJEaGpTbjkwWnFsalRKeG1TcnBVUldkR2V5ZDBLMnAzYXZ0V05tNW1ZMGdXZGpsV1NSQkZjTVJGVHdoR05wZFhheFpUUjZWblk1c2tkaGhsYjFvbVlzTlRjclZXTlh0MlRhZFhjSVJHY0JGR2RYOVdUNVIyUTBabGV2TlVNTkYzWnVWalFGUlRkT2xqWkVGMExyWmxkR04yTFIxV2VCZG1aRGRGYUpwVU9teDBNcWh6SzZCSFdVeFdWbU5YUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/DJcpP2t4Mdp.png" group-title="ISLAMIC [BDIX]", ATN Islamic TV
http://?PVVuVTNCM01wcFhjb1JuYjFrWFVvdEVUMU5HVFNwMmQzSTFaeWd6Y2hKR1NEcEZScmRXYUVaM1EzcFhacVpWWTJ4bWV6Z1ZSeFVYVG90MmJwMWtWRmQyTnVsMmJTeFdhVnRpV1l0bVI1bDBOcWhUWTJsSGNLWm5hMGdXZGxKRlJSOVNOcnBXTlhCRFJJMVdXYVowWnJSV2FTdENiMllUT3Fka1lpWm1TYXhHYTJNRWVybzBaTFIxU1BselowUmpaakoyYmpoMktFSjJickVFZFVaa2NtcG5UeE5XUkRkR2JPbDNRSWRsY3dwMGRwOWlWSVZWWnRGRVZ0UlhUMW9IYVZKV1RyVlVlVHRHYVp0MFJzTkRUWXQyWTZobU5YSkVOM1JEZHY5R2E0RkhX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="ISLAMIC [BDIX]", ATN Islamic TV
http://?MkoxZHdOVGE2RkhhMDVXTjVGRmNMeFVkanhrVW5kM05TaFdiTzUyYkxwV1U0ZDJicmwxWllkVWQ0SmxWMmwzVDJvM1JoWldkS3AxYTVZVmE1Z1ViMHgwTE5kMFMya21icklUVg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://tv.dflix.live/assets/images/94.jpg" group-title="ISLAMIC [BDIX]", ATN-ISLAMIC-TV
http://?dkoxZHdOVGE2VkhhMDVXTjVGRmRMeFVkanhrVXlkM05TMTJZeWhHUjBWVlczd1dkd2dtYUdOVloySm5aazlDYzFoMlV4OVNZc2xGZUtGVWV3QW5OMDlrYVZoelZ0dG1RV0ZqY0JGVGNpQjNRck5sZW9WblJCSjBhNTVXV09KVVYyMW1hTzFXZW1OalMxNW1heDUwZHZjR1dQOVdZNWtrZHpKRk9yeEdldlpqVmpKRk1qdFdUMVlrWk1wMGRGWlRVSXBIVHZabVdLSnpTTGhHY0ZSRFV0ZEVjM0kyZE5CSGIzbFVNM3dVUk5wR2NsUkZNQlJGYXZBMUtCTjBjeE5uYXIxVVd3MFdVeFpXV3VWVmVGOWtld0VHU3BGMlJyTlVWcjhHUnNSVGVzTmpjVkoxTkhkR1VuVldPMVFYUm5SSFRXSmpWVVJrZDRORVRCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="ISLAMIC [BDIX]", Azan TV
http://?cUoxZHdOVGE2cEhhMDVXTjVGVmJMeFVkanhrVW9kM05TQlhRVmhXVm9Sa1ZuTkhjVEZtWjNJMVV3ZFhSanRTY1FGblNFWlZlNE0xZEhoRmFWZFRleFZWVk9sSE92Rm5ZSnBXVg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="ISLAMIC [BDIX]", Madani Channel Bangla |  Jagobd.com
http://?dkoxZHdOVGE2dEdhMDVXTjVGVmRMeFVkanhrVXBkM05TeG1RSlZuTnNSR1J6Y1hkUFJFU2poMFZvRlRZUlIzTGExMlpuUlVkeFlEYkZ0MFlwTmpjdlpuWlJOekxZZFhOQnAzUQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="ISLAMIC [BDIX]", Madinah Live
http://?MEoxZHdOVGE2QkhhMDVXTjVGbGVMeFVkanhrVXRkM05TZG1kRGxIWjV4VWRTRm5lbXAwWjNOSGVwSm1VQkZHYUVCblpXOUNPWGRHYjVCbFFQaDNLM05sZXpOMEx5bG5XMzRrTg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="ISLAMIC [BDIX]", Makkah Live
http://?cUoxZHdOVGE2NUdhMDVXTjVGMWNMeFVkanhrVXRkM05TbFdWM2xXWnJGRmNFMUVhYWgwUzVoVmIwdGlidmRqWjR4R1R4bG5iYWhuZExWbFJ4cEVWdEowUUxkalFGOTJNd0JuWg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/613/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_098038001568632762.png" group-title="ISLAMIC [BDIX]", Quran TV
http://?PT1RYUhwbE1CVkRXbzFVUlcxV1l2ODJNdFZHUzBSV2UyVlVaYUJGYXU5V09wUjNaSTVHTVpOWFkyb21hdUJ6ZE9GVVQyQlRSTFpVVHYwR2F2QVZNMmtFZEZoV2VuQmpUNFZVY01KalNuaDNTNWh6UlZkelp5dEdlbkZWVjA5MlV4VkdVdEZIVkIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/610/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_687052001568630923.png" group-title="ISLAMIC [BDIX]", Sunnah  TV
http://?PT1RYUhwbE1CVkRXdzFVUlcxV1l2bzNNdFZHUzBSbWQyVlVaYUJGYTQ5V09wUjNaSUZITVpOWFkyb21kdUJ6ZE9GVVRwRkRibEpFVTBsM1NuQm5kVGRYY3lnVE1WVlZNMlpVZHJBVGJvZFhXa05IYklCWGNvSlRScmRYV29CbmVhbGxRQ1ZIUm4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d3jnkp3lrs2hd5.cloudfront.net/images/320x180/f169715f-f7be-4216-93b1-a75d3cebb821.jpg" group-title="HINDU [BDIX]", Krishna Vani
http://?clZIVG9Kak5qdFdlUzlpTTNsamQ0NVdSM0FUVDVsbmJtQnpWeHBHTll0MGNDTjFhMFpsUjB3bWEySldNeXBsYXV0bWMxbFZiVlZsZXFSRFR3dFdPbjVVUjRWR2JHZEdiczkwWTQwV2VoNVVjeEpGUnZwWFIwY2tNdzFXZTFFVVpEcDJkV1oyS3N4a1duTkRjSHQyU0d0V1ZCbFZVdEIxYlhoM2R2TXpjd1JYTldGalM1TTNRM0FqY3hoM2MwZ2xSS2xrZXoxMGNxcG5lb0JuUTRkRFVvUkVhblpHYXZwWFRvbERlcGRqWXExV09hbHpaVEZ6Y3JKVWJwUmpRcGRITzVOR1RRZFdhVkJUZEVCRGIyWW1VWWxqUnZsMGNPcEhPM0lYTU9ObldUaGtla2xVZHhoVk15RmpRM28wWTZKWE40SVhaUkZsZFRSa2NuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/648/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_575089001571734077.png" group-title="PAKISTAN [BDIX]", A Plus
http://?PT13YUhwbE1CVkRXMTFVUlcxV1l2YzJNdFZHUzBSV2MyVlVaYUJGYTQ5V09wUjNaSXRHTVpOWFkybzJidUJ6ZE9GVVR5QnpNNGRVU3pKM1JXRmtWVFZUYW9CM2N6Y21jMkZUUkNOV1ExSW5Vd2dtY3hFRGJLSmpjWXhHYTZKbWJPWmxhQzVHYUIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/485iHu5R5IB.png" group-title="PAKISTAN [BDIX]", ARY Digital
http://?PUFuVTNCM01wcG5jb1JuYjFrWFU1dEVUMU5HVFNoMmQzSTFaeWd6ZGhKR1NEcEZSMmRXYUVaM1EzOVdacVpWWTJ4bWF5RW5Ra1pVZHJwbWJIdDBZTXBHTnl0RU5CUjJaaGRsTW5SalpxbFVUd1lWVEZWWGVzUlVVb0ZEY0ROME5vcEhjdkpqVkZkMGF6Vm5kc1IyVGtwRWJQbEVNV056YzB0aU1RWjNkNW9HZVlkRFdsbEhkclpHYlRaMlE0SmtZcklVVzRrSGVSTm5WNXdrZDJsWE95VVZNd0JEU3pOVlMyY25kTjFVT3NOMWQzcDNOemNGVHlSekw1cFVRdGhXUnFKaldXQnpieUFqWnpaR014ZEVSeGhGZEdoV1Z5YzJLVWhUZDBBbFpYaFRl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/666/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_129012001571808877.png" group-title="PAKISTAN [BDIX]", ARY Digital Asia
http://?MWRrV3lFVU5ZOVdURlpWYmg5Q2N6MFdaSVJIWnJaWFJscEZVb2QzYjVrR2RuaFVld2sxY2haamF5NUdNMzVVUU5sV00yc2thV2xGY1RobGNyVm5jcFZYTVV0Q1pqUkhiSHhHZENoRmJ2RWtheWtXVTFwV01EdEVUMDEyS3FCVFRoSlRhcllrY3dZM1FzZG5TTjUyYkZkWFQxZzFWVVpVZVlGamNHTldQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/661/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_391613001571734325.png" group-title="PAKISTAN [BDIX]", ARY Family
http://?PT13Y0hwbE1CVkRXdDFVUlcxV1l2azNNdFZHUzBSMmMyVlVaYUJGYTQ5V09wUjNaSUZITVpOWFkyb0dkdUJ6ZE9GVVRwQlRkdFIzUk41Mkx4aFdOeUpIZXdJSFNubG1NMFIzS3NWRFZDWm5VS0ptYXFaemRqUmpZQ2gzS25KRVpsWmpXYTFXWW4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/665/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_422270001571808569.png" group-title="PAKISTAN [BDIX]", ARY QTV
http://?PT1nZEhwbE1CVkRXMzFVUlcxV1l2bzJNdFZHUzBSV2QyVlVaYUJGYXo5V09wUjNaSXhHTVpOWFkyb1djdUJ6ZE9GVVRwQkRjbVozVlhaSFNQUkdXbUZXYzFva1dqRnpjdlpVYzF3VVRVeEdOMWxrUXFWemNPOXlkcTltVHpCWFZoOWtiWUJuVEIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/386/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_630672001564827966.png" group-title="PAKISTAN [BDIX]", ARY Zindagi
http://?PT1nZUhwbE1CVkRXdDFVUlcxV1l2ZzNNdFZHUzBSR2MyVlVaYUJGYXY5V09wUjNaSTVHTVpOWFkyb1dhdUJ6ZE9GVVQyTkRSdlFUU0toSGVLZGpkc1ZUZVFSbVF3VUVlNjlpWllSVGVaMTJRWloxVW1OSGUzSWpaWWQyVDFWbk5OVkRjRUZIZW4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/t1Dt29onOQT.png" group-title="PAKISTAN [BDIX]", ARY ZINDAGI
http://?PXNtVTNCM01wcDNib1JuYjFrWFV6dEVUMU5HVFN0MmQzSTFaeWdUY2hKR1NEcEZSeWRXYUVaM1EzSlhacVpWWTJ4R2F6TUhNV0JGVG5Ga1V5UXpjbWRtU29Gbk1EZEdlelFEVDNra1J0UkViczlXZTRnR1ZpdFVXaVZ6ZGxSVk5OZHpTb0ZYTWxkV2J5d0dNTGhUZXk1R2JEZG5SbGRXUTFabGUwQlhUVmQyVlVCblUzWldleWxrWndWWFR6ZFRZT0JsZW1CSFJPaFZldlJWYzNSRmR1RkhhcVpuVTRkellPWm5TajEyVlJWa2VXZGtaeFFuVXdKVU5LZFhRc05uVzVVSGUxVUhhS04xVHROV1F6dG1RNWt6ZDBBWFFabEhXMTUyYXFSalVEaEdW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="PAKISTAN [BDIX]", BTV Kadak
http://?b0oxZHdOVGE2OUdhMDVXTjVGbGVMeFVkanhrVXhkM05TRlhVbGQzTG9sblZJTjBiRnhXYzJwMFF6SldRM2czTHRwV04wQUhkdlp6Y3c5eVRGaFRPeVZVZHpoME1TUm5ZVGxVWg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/V6mD2QiByZs.png" group-title="PAKISTAN [BDIX]", Dhoom
http://?M0oxZHdOVGE2TkhhMDVXTjVGbGJMeFVkanhrVXJkM05TVm5SNkozS3RKbWJYdDJhaFJHY0tOblNyaG5TYUZYTlJCSGJLSlRVNUZIZTFCblJzSkRVcUpEZTFOMUs1ZFhVbGxWTTFkMGMxY0hlV1JqWXVOWFRSOWljUWhYTnA5V1l2ZEZldE5UTU9wVlp0cFZlM0VYU1pwWE9ySjFMSDFFY0xKVk1UeDBjM05XWlFsWGJRWm5kTk4xTFpaVmFSeFViTFJtYjM5ME5yUUdNMmhtWkNaVFZKaDBjeVptVE9SVWN1ZERld2NtZEIxbWV4SWxOdjgwYndFVmFhbEZlclJFVXBwM1ZTaFhURmhUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/349/logo/240x240/mobile_logo_135661001584537257.png" group-title="PAKISTAN [BDIX]", Hum Masala
http://?PT1nZUhwbE1CVkRXcjFVUlcxV1l2UTNNdFZHUzBSV2EyVlVaYUJGYTI5V09wUjNaSUZITVpOWFkyb21ldUJ6ZE9GVVQzSmpONEFUZVJwWGFXSldZeVFVZDRwV2JFTkZleDlrV21oMGRHcG5UWFJVUURwMGRIOTBVWVZ6TDB4MmF6dFNSQnQyS1IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/mi3DwvgJwBz.png" group-title="PAKISTAN [BDIX]", PTV global
http://?PUVuVTNCM01wcG5kb1JuYjFrWFVzdEVUMU5HVFNGM2QzSUZjSHRTZDVjbmNEUldjNHBXZE9aVFVIRlhjMlpYVjZobGNEZHpOSEpWUTVWR1dvZEdjS2gzY1NoM1RJQmpkc2hHWllOa1Q2TjBRb1prWXhVSGJJcDBLWlJUY3JZamR3SVVhMUpIZVJKRmVEaDJWMXcyS3JSRmQ2VlRVM0lVWW5oRWMzZ3pWU1JIYjFZRlRsZERjWU5uU3ZsR1MzMTJSVE4zUXo4MmRPTjBjR3AxZFF0Q2NSWldNNlZsZURwa1l2QjNaS1pHVXlwbmJFWmxOVlZWZW5KVVp1TjFhdnNHTjVkVFpIaFRhNWtITU5sV2N3TkZiakIzUjFRbld2RlhXTFZEYnhwbE1yRkhP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/656/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_595018001571747444.png" group-title="PAKISTAN [BDIX]", PTV World
http://?PT1RYUhwbE1CVkRXNTFVUlcxV1l2azJNdFZHUzBSMmQyVlVaYUJGYTQ5V09wUjNaSWRITVpOWFkyb0didUJ6ZE9GVVRzQnpkT2gzVTB3V1FyNFdkMmtsZW5GR040aFdUdkoyYzVvSFIwRVhSbUYxTFRWWGUwY1VhRVZuUjBoRGR1WmxRWWhYTUIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/Dr5As01pn0B.png" group-title="PAKISTAN [BDIX]", PTV World
http://?cEoxZHdOVGE2OUdhMDVXTjVGbGVMeFVkanhrVXBkM05TQjNScmdXTzNKM1FrRlhlcVZuVDJFMVJuRm5kMlZsZVlCSFI0MVVRMWswYXdnektKcEZleFIzVlBOR1IxOFdicVZqUUtoVGN3WWplNmgzTHQ5MmQxVmpOUGhtYjJGbWJ4c0ViUkZVTjM1RVM1TlhUS0JGY3JjV01ZWjJhdmhuYjNjRVZKbEhTb0owTnp4V1dEZG1XWnhVV3ZZVGQzb25Td1FFV3FSM1JDVmpXeWduVHdFRVNNTmpiellGVlZwVlpyaEhSc0oyUTNrV1JCZGtaV3RtYjNrRGFHaEVUcHRVUmFKa1J2d0dTaUZWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/eH2YVqXcen0.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", ABC AUSTRALIA
http://?PVVuVTNCM01wcFhkb1JuYjFrWFV6dEVUMU5HVFNoMmQzSTFaeWdUZWhKR1NEcEZSNmRXYUVaM1EzZFhacVpWWTJ4R2N4ZzBMcFIyWXh0U2R3ZDJMeWxXTUQxV1VCSlVhSjlrZDZaMlk2dEdlUk5tTXROWGNXSkdNUVYwYXJ3R2VEVlVNek4zZHlkV092a0dXVTVtUklabGQ2WlZUdWhXYnJkbGJ0QlRPNHBIVzVzMk1KSm1ldnRHZWpSRlI1TkhaS0pHVHloMllPTjBOcVJHYmhOVE00WlZSemRWYzN0R1Z3Z0dheTRrVHc4MGI0QjNZaUYwYnVaak5DeFVRMllYZUVOamVWTkZhNFZVYnVkME0zcGxWckJqTlZWM2JRUmtNRGxXYnlOak1QQlRZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/372/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_070258001563623324.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", Arirang TV
http://?PT1BY0hwbE1CVkRXMTFVUlcxV1l2VTNNdFZHUzBSbWIyVlVaYUJGYW85V09wUjNaSU5ITVpOWFkybzJidUJ6ZE9GVVR4RnpVUDlHUjBWSGU2cEVPSmhYY3lkbmRTVjFSMk5UZTFJVFo0cEhaaVpYV001R2ROUmpSb1JWTnBSVFNScEVVMzVXYW4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/653/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_494935001573012992.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", Australia Plus
http://?PT13Y0hwbE1CVkRXdjFVUlcxV1l2ZzJNdFZHUzBSV2IyVlVaYUJGYXI5V09wUjNaSWhITVpOWFkybzJhdUJ6ZE9GVVRuTmpTbVZ6Wm1WWFpqUkdaME0yY1JWMFJaOVVVcjlpY3FoV09yOG1NclZqU0hWMGMwVWxhWk5WYXZSV1Z2NTBLU3AzU1IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/657/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_763503001571746853.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", CCTV 4
http://?PT1BYkhwbE1CVkRXcTFVUlcxV1l2STNNdFZHUzBSR2EyVlVaYUJGYXY5V09wUjNaSWRITVpOWFkyb21hdUJ6ZE9GVVR1RmpVTloxY3dnWFRENW1WdGhuYjJZR2FTWmpldVZIV2poVFJLaEhOWjlFVVhkM2F2NUViTWxtZTVkRmFzSkdTUlZYZTMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/668/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_106517001571809353.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", CGTN
http://?PT1RZUhwbE1CVkRXNTFVUlcxV1l2bzNNdFZHUzBSV2UyVlVaYUJGYTM5V09wUjNaSWRITVpOWFkyb21idUJ6ZE9GVVR4SlRlbWhWWU14V1dDVlhXcUowY2taalJ6RURlNnRXWjVWM1pzZFdPeUFsV1YxV2RySTFWRU5FUzFWalcwOW1SbmhuVFIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", France24
http://?NkoxZHdOVGE2QkhhMDVXTjVGbGRMeFVkanhrVXlkM05TbEdjWjlXUUdOWE15b25jU2xFUjFkbVk1VjFUVDFFVVVGbld6UmxONUZXYU1ORU9oaDJLMXRFT3FKVVpNbEhidkFWWQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/6XYOOrRXTHd.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", Front Row
http://?NEoxZHdOVGE2NUdhMDVXTjVGVmRMeFVkanhrVXZkM05TVm5SNkIzS3RKbWJYdDJaaFJHY0tOblMxaG5TYUZYTlJobWJ6WVZaSHR5ZFJkMEtpRjBRc0pWU2haMVl6RVhleU0wVjNrRGFYVlZSUkZsTW5CVFppWkRhS3RHT3pOMVJ0UjBiVjFFT1NOWE95QlZhbUJIVDVjV1JaMWtTeHBXZHJoMUwzbEdPeU4wZEhablZMbEhaVkpWTWhObGFJUm5WcmNtYTVSWFc0SlRXYTlXTU1GR1M1ZDBkd29GVEpORmJubFZicWhETWtsbldxZEhXeVpFYnlRRFNyczJjcTUwUW1KWGQwMG1OMGRXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/o03PfCn08PS.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", Kick Flix
http://?dUoxZHdOVGE2WkhhMDVXTjVGRmJMeFVkanhrVXJkM05TcEdiak5IVU9KVmF2Z0VlbFYxVVdGWGM0aG1Wa3RtTk5oWFZqRkhlbUJGZDVja1RSVjFkbnQyUlpaSGUxNFdUbk5tWjJzeWN6VWxWTUpETXR0Q2R1SkRNREZIYjR0VVp4bDJkaEYwTW5wbGF3WldWaU4zTDBBM0xNaERNWjlrZUJCVGVQUmtjNWQwUlFKbGNLbFdUb0ZYUXNKVmJvUnpNNTl5S3lsRlVZUkdNVWxYZDRJemJGVlRhWloxWlhwa2UwWjBMb2RFWlFsV2VLcEdVb2RsYWh4a1Q0OFVad3BtVzJNR001MW1iaGxWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/R0Q9g76k87Z.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", Lotus Macau
http://?PTBtVTNCM01wcDNkb1JuYjFrWFV1dEVUMU5HVFNwMmQzSVZhT1JFYXdkMmNrVkhUcU4yTWo5U1pLOVdaME0zWmtsM2JaQlZldDVFV3BoalI1RURXNXBuYkpoMUtyWlhjVGhWVG9sRWRuVm5VR2hqUnljV09QbFhOelEzYnY0bWRXMWtkdU5XVE9GV1ZhcEhkMmxrU1BoVWRzVkVOdjhpVXF4RWFZQjFLdjFXYVFsbWVSVlZiNUZYU1JSME12eEVhMEVVVzFJM1pSWkZSSDlVZURKMktPcFhabjkyUVJGMk40MVdUNE5YY3pFVGU1Y0VXNG9VVXpSV2FpWlVaRkZIWktsbVNXMUVlcGgxYzFFbFk1aFRWUWREVTVnbU5ZWjJNMlIyWlFSRVIzZGta
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/389/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_047719001554391607.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", Lotus TV Macau
http://?PT13WkhwbE1CVkRXcjFVUlcxV1l2YzNNdFZHUzBSMmEyVlVaYUJGYXA5V09wUjNaSUZITVpOWFkyb21ldUJ6ZE9GVVQ0SnpiM05ETXJoM0tUUlhiMWxFZXhnMUxpSlhSb1Z6TTNVbFZScDJRMjhFZHhwM1o1bFZPUzFFT3lGamI0c3lUeU5YUm4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", Millennium TV
http://?c0oxZHdOVGE2WkhhMDVXTjVGVmJMeFVkanhrVXpkM05TWjNibWhIZFZGa1dtRldhSHBtTnhoelNvRldRMlV6YWxsV2FWOUVWS04wZDUwMGJURkdUdjVXYzB4MlpQUjNLU2hUUw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/8U14b8HzJeF.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", NHK World
http://?NkoxZHdOVGE2MUdhMDVXTjVGVmFMeFVkanhrVXNkM05TbG1URUZIY25OSFoxeEVkak56WXZVbVMyVkdOemRHWjVkbllPWlVaVEJ6YzBaekt3QkZSMnRtVTFSSGEzbDJUalZrUkhKRmU1c21VM1VuYjZaMmJ6UUZhSXRtY1ZwM2JFQkhkczUyWjFFa1QyQnpVMllUU2pobk16SUVjM0lWYVY1MmJtRldXdjlrYlh0bVJ5c21WeTlVWjVRbWQyY0dPNGhsVnRoRlNtWm5aNnBXZHQ5MFJSVmpiMm9HU3FsRGN6UnpVdjhtVXpwbU16UUhUajlTYWhSR01ZVjNTbk5qUW9oRGV4azJTNWxWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/384/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_558340001563629477.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", NHK World-Japan
http://?PT1nYUhwbE1CVkRXeTFVUlcxV1l2RTNNdFZHUzBSR2MyVlVaYUJGYXA5V09wUjNaSXRHTVpOWFkyb21ldUJ6ZE9GVVR0SkRVS2hFV3kxV2V4RUZlc2gwYzJwM1kweEdjcjlFVW5GMVYzWjNSNXRHZDJkMmJuVkZPMkVUWXdaSFozbDJOSmwyTW4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", PBN TV
http://?ckoxZHdOVGE2cEhhMDVXTjVGbGNMeFVkanhrVW5kM05TMVdSQ1pYVkZGMlZaaEZicmREY1BaVWV1SldadlFuWWhwSFZzeFdRRFoyYXhvRU1ORjBRdUZFUnpBald6VUhOaFp6Sw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/669/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_008672001571808155.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", RAI Italia
http://?PT1RY0hwbE1CVkRXNTFVUlcxV1l2QTNNdFZHUzBSR2EyVlVaYUJGYXU5V09wUjNaSVJITVpOWFkyb1djdUJ6ZE9GVVQ0TlRhNFV6TFRSM1ExTlRZSWgxYzRoVVNKSmtiejltU3dVSFZCZEdjd0FIY1pSR2NOZDNNWHRpYXdKV1NSOW1VeXQyYVIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/2oGVLjEB0gi.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", Rai Italia
http://?PWttVTNCM01wcFhib1JuYjFrWFVvdEVUMU5HVFNoM2QzSUZjSHRDYzVjbmNEUldjMXBXZE9aVFVIbFhjMlpYVjZoVmFFMWtOdUZtZTFsV2FzcEZhNk5IVUhOa2VRcDBkeVpIZGxGM05xdFNXMmRVV0JoM1VwcFhRREptZXNwWFFLOVVjdkpuYVlKR1dSUlhkS3hXWXhjM2JXZEVlVUZGTm5wM0w2bEZjWlJITk1GR096VkhkVTVVUlN4RWR3VlhjRjFFUk5kSGJoZEhkMEpuY3h0V2RqVm1Sd0ZuU0Z0eVRMcDJVQmxtV2hoRmFIcEVlSnhVTzFOVFR4Y0Zka1JITVRsRk55MW1idmRUTW9wMWQxSlhPQmhYVHhJblpRcG1RNHhrZXFGSGVNTkhh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/662/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_660830001571811229.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", RTR Planeta
http://?PT13Y0hwbE1CVkRXNTFVUlcxV1l2bzJNdFZHUzBSMmIyVlVaYUJGYXM5V09wUjNaSWRHTVpOWFkybzJkdUJ6ZE9GVVQySlRleGRIVlYxMk0wVWpNTkZHYXROV2JzcDJVNVJtVDNaelJ4a25kQ0JYUnpsRWNSQlRPelFETTBsbVN5Y0hPNFpYUm4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/409/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_389856001563627259.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", Russia Today
http://?PT1RY0hwbE1CVkRXMzFVUlcxV1l2azNNdFZHUzBSbWIyVlVaYUJGYTY5V09wUjNaSXBITVpOWFkyb21ldUJ6ZE9GVVR6SlRXMUVUVHhJWFkzaGxZckZHZEVKbFZJaERiekZIVHRSVFZLeG1Rek5rY1VsbWRwWm5SVk4zYTZ4VVRSVldSdmtHTkIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", Time TV USA
http://?MEoxZHdOVGE2bEhhMDVXTjVGbGNMeFVkanhrVTRkM05TTjNMMGgzU3NOVmQyeG1hcFYwTXQ1R1Q2ZHpRMzRHZHNoMlpYZEVTSWxqYjBkRmVyY2pkelZrZTNZR2J1cG5abkZuZA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", Times24 TV
http://?NEoxZHdOVGE2bEhhMDVXTjVGbGJMeFVkanhrVXdkM05TZG1Oa0IzYzJZVFYwUTNidlpWWnhCM2JzVkdXSkJEZWg5R1ZaaDNTNkZVZVdWRFN0eDJRdGwxTkVkbU52NFdRellITQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/407/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_639857001563630083.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", TV5Monde
http://?PT13ZEhwbE1CVkRXeTFVUlcxV1l2QTNNdFZHUzBSR2IyVlVaYUJGYW45V09wUjNaSWhITVpOWFkyb21hdUJ6ZE9GVVR4QlRlMTFtYUwxbWNGbHpReHRTZTFvbVFGZDNicmRYUTY5Q1cybFhSNUJUTTNkamF5a25ScUptUjJsVFNLZFVRdE5YTkIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", TVoneUK
http://?eEoxZHdOVGE2cEhhMDVXTjVGVmFMeFVkanhrVXhkM05TQkhlNFFYTVhaVlUyWmthTXRXV0ZsRGMxMVdRM3htV3IxR1pZOW1lSnBHZTJFVk1KRlVPNTVrVUtWbFlucDNRVUZHZQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", UA TV
http://?eUoxZHdOVGE2aEhhMDVXTjVGRmFMeFVkanhrVXVkM05TZG1OdnQyWW05MFEwUlRkNXBtTVVWWE13TkVaV0YzTXdrM1o0ZFVZT1Z6YjBSWGJ6YzFLMVJHV3hSVU54NFdTTFYyVQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", V2BEAT TV
http://?NUoxZHdOVGE2ZEdhMDVXTjVGRmVMeFVkanhrVTBkM05TRlhVbDUyTG9sblZJTjBaRnhXYzJwMFE2SldRM2czTHR0V05XbGpOUGxGY05WbWRpUlVRbmh6THBKVVlSRkhldWxVYw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", Varendra TV
http://?M0oxZHdOVGE2VkhhMDVXTjVGbGNMeFVkanhrVXhkM05TbFdRYVZIZTFja2JYZEhkM1FGUk5abVZ0OXlhb04xVGxkblRHWm1hTHhtZHpSVE53SWtTc1ZsTktGMFJUVjNRbjVVVg==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", VOA TV
http://?M0oxZHdOVGE2QkhhMDVXTjVGVmNMeFVkanhrVXlkM05TQlhOMVZYT3dGekx4TW1iTjFHVzVCelVxWlhkbDVrZDQxMmJGUnpNbE5uZDNsVlQ2dEVOcGhrUXpFa1R3b0hPRjFVZQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", VOICE TV
http://?ckoxZHdOVGE2UkhhMDVXTjVGRmFMeFVkanhrVXRkM05TRlhVbDEyTG9sblZJTkViRnhXYzJwMFEzSldRM2czTHRkV05FTm1VYTlFZEtSSGFOVlhXNXRrVTRSSGF2aEdNdjAwWQ==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.toffee-cms.com/images/program/382/logo/115x115/mobile_logo_481797001563628897.png" group-title="WORLD [BDIX]", WION
http://?PT1nZUhwbE1CVkRXMTFVUlcxV1l2TTNNdFZHUzBSR2EyVlVaYUJGYTA5V09wUjNaSWRITVpOWFkybzJkdUJ6ZE9GVVQwTkRNTmREYjJKWE9hNUdUU2hGZE85U2VTZFVSeVpET0pKR2RyMTJiMXAyWktKSGJtWkhlb0ZIU3FaVU9KUjJSczVHZDMxVFA=
