#EXTM3U
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/xybsni9y3qD.png" group-title="DISH TV", [001] Channel I
http://?PXNtVTNCM01wcDNhb1JuYjFrWFVvdEVUMU5HVFN0MmQzSUZic3RHZW1sV1FhZDFZb0ZVUTA5a1kwc21VUVYxY1RSemR0RjJkbnRVVjZWMWQzbDJMUTltYVFSMkt6ZEdhVEpsY3Q5Q054UjNkWmhrVndKSFczTm1iM2huY1pWVk1sTlhjc1JIVmx4bVMzZ25XM3AxVEo1bWRJdHlUc1oxTHdoV2FRUkZNbkYzWW01VVVSMUVkcWxtWnhkMlRvSm1WWnBFU0VkR2U2WkRSWnRTYXJwWGJqbFRZNGxGUjR3bWM2QjNZejFFUjF4a2NYcGtaVEpEU3pKRk80NW1TR3gyVHhnMVJOTlZhaHhXVDBKamN1RlhXTU5VTVlaWFQ0TldaSHRFY0xobFUxOEdX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/IhHZaZ5dVqH.png" group-title="DISH TV", [002] NTV
http://?PT13YVNkSGN6a21lcmhHZHVWVGVSbDJTTVYzWU1KVmQzZGpVcDVFUnNCM1p6UldkTWwyWXpNMkxscGtlbFJ6Y25SV2VwRjJWWVoxVUtKM1JuMUVhd1VXZDNkalVZRm1SdFIxVEh0bVRoSm5hd2tUT3FKVWNyYzJSNmwyTjJSR2VLRm1RbGhYVlROMWJWdEVielJqVnRGVk91ZGxZMFozWURGSE1qcFZWVlIxYlBsWFVPSjJibkoxZHdJRlRPUjNReTBVWlN0RWJ2aDBiaEZsYXJWemExSTFLamQyVjBZV08yUmxidE4yUk5WVlFxMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/yvvEywo6J8F.png" group-title="DISH TV", [003] RTV
http://?PT1BZFNkSGN6a21lcmhHZHVWVGVSQjNTTVYzWU1KbGIzZGpVd2QwS3NsemR5TkVaeHhtYTE1a05SZDBjeFpuZFZwSFc0SlVXdUZqZTA5MlVaMUdheXN5Y3lGalo1MTJWc0pWUVRsV1J2QVhTdUYzVEZOM2R6b1djWEpuV3dkalp0ZDJWblozY1ROV2VyTW5jWGhHVEVSRFU1SldPV1pqVzZ0V2U1aEZSNWNIYXB0VWNRMVdhMXhHU2xoWFNRVjNMM3RTT0NSbGFMOWtaTXBsY3JKR2VxbEhiejhHZFFKbGJucDNkaDVVT2pOVlV3MVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/vDXLuLBXf6J.png" group-title="DISH TV", [004] MY TV
http://?MkoxZHdOVGE2TkhhMDVXTjVGVmFMeFVkanhrVW5kM05TbG1URVZIY25OSFoxeEVjak56WXZVbVMyVkdOemRHWjVwWFlsaEdaRGRqYTBCSGV3eGticXBXYkpGM00ycFhlclVGZW45aWRsaEVjdnhFVjZsRmJyRW1TNVVIVzJRblJMSjNacXBXTXhKa2VzQlRabE5UV205MlJ4RkVOaEoxZERWRWFFVjFac0ZHVzRaV1YzWlhRMnNDYzRkemRLRjJkQjlXU3RKRmVGVm1leUluZXg1R081RjJjcTVXU045a1Z4NUVXcHhFWnRwR1M2RkVVYVptYW1SRFVGTmpZMHBXY3JORlY1aEdTQjFVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/raiZvB8y1Nv.png" group-title="DISH TV", [005] Bangla Vision
http://?PXdtVTNCM01wcDNab1JuYjFrWFUzdEVUMU5HVFNwM2QzSTFaeWd6ZGhKR1NEcEZSc2RXYUVaM1EzaFdacVpWWTJ4R2J4SWxSUU5ETXZwM2Ixa2taSlpIVFR4MFlNSlhlYXBXYXN0V1ZzTlVOT2huVFN4MlRvRldNdHRVY0RGRWExQW5SMWhUWktaRFR2d1djTWRuZDJkSGVTRjFaeFUwYzZsbFJQbG5hV2gyWkJGWFdxMUdkbFJrVTRKbGNxVlZaeE5YZHhvWGRwSjBaMjUwY0kxa2NGUm5keVpETW9obWV5SW5aekpsYlBKWGF5TVdjTFpUWXB4bWN5NTJZRWRIV1dwRVp3dGliVWhYUUdkMllxVjJjeU4wYVBkV1dDdFdjR0JqZHpZbVQ1OUVi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/ZCqILa0u7vD.png" group-title="DISH TV", [006] ATN Bangla
http://?PVluVTNCM01wcFhhb1JuYjFrWFU2dEVUMU5HVFNWM2QzSTFaeWdUYmhKR1NEcEZSb2RXYUVaM1EzZFhacVpWWTJ4bWR3WXpLWTFXVTFCVlY1Y0VPSzkyWXdGamNPbEZkb3BGTW1CM2IyZDJSb1JWT3pnSE5yaFVNTUpWZWx0Q2VTMVVlMHRXYTJOVlEyMW1NSVJXYU1OM2E1dEVjeEVsWXYxa1p2bGxZNnBIYTFCRGROTkhkM3AyTGF0U013aFRhT3AzTFRabldUUlVkbjVtZGxsak0yb1ZPc1ZUYlVGV2F5bDNkSE5IVjMwMGR6TkhjQmRWYTJwVlMxSVdNM0VIZXRobVVKQnpaMGxrWUl0Q2VzcG1VWXQwTk9sR1ZUUjBWS0JWYU1aelQ0QlRT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/So3Og8HY4uN.png" group-title="DISH TV", [007] Sangsad TV
http://?PWttVTNCM01wcDNab1JuYjFrWFVwdEVUMU5HVFNCM2QzSUZjSHRDZTVjbmNEUldjdHBXZE9aVFVIWlhjMlpYVjZoRmNENTBMdVJEVDROalV4cEZNb3BIVXlaVWNyVmxhQ2QyTU1SRGV6WjBLeUFGYzRaWGVGZGxlWEYxZFFGMmQ0cDNaMmhsTTRrblJKUjNVM00zVHVOWGFOUkdSbWhWZXA5VVVXWm1iblpIVTRRbFd0RkhjeEYwVUhoMFFyUlVia1ZGUkloMlNaUjBhMUUzYk85aVdPRlZXMlZYWXlsblE1bG1jQ0ZFY0ZGRGV3UkVOeVVuV3JsR2Mzc1VkbkJuV1NkVVIyWVhlSUozS0RaM1N1TjJWdnNFYzFBbll6MEVPRHhVZDNRRVV4OG1W
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/ipgVRU2qhw3.png" group-title="DISH TV", [008] Somoy TV
http://?NUoxZHdOVGE2NUdhMDVXTjVGRmVMeFVkanhrVTNkM05TQjNScmdYTzNKM1FrRjNkcVZuVDJFMVJyRm5kMlZsZVlGM1FzVkRaNWxIZGpSVE15a2pid0psWWExV05hNUdWYVZsYkloRWVYNUdabUZXVXdWMmQzUlZaU3BXU25WVE9CbDJhSVJUU2pOR09vbFdUdVJVVFZCSGJraG5lNWczWndRamE0OTJaelZXZXRaV01EdDJUNDEwYlNSM1pNUkZjcGQzUTJwVVczcEdackVIWjFKa2EzMEVhTlZ6TEZObFN4MW1NdUYyWjBrSFpObFdjcjAyYm9KSFJzRlZTb2wxUlFkM0xXQjNjTTlXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/Dh0neKDKLrs.png" group-title="DISH TV", [009] Channel 24
http://?PW9uVTNCM01wcEhjb1JuYjFrWFVvdEVUMU5HVFN0MmQzSTFaeWdEY2hKR1NEcEZSeGRXYUVaM1EzVlhacVpWWTJ4V2N5Y1RWQ0pUTjJOME1WbDFZYXBHVnBKR1NLRmxka2hqYWhaMlIwSjNVV0JUTzRkWGFPNVVUMjVtZTVaVk1IMUdiejFFV0sxRVVUOW1NSmgyVkdWemF6UjNVb2QzVTNaVk96Z2xZaTltVG1wWFMwVWpiNkoxZG5kbVR5WjBVQk5HV3ROM2JLcEhWRVZuZHZnbGFNdGtUNlJXTkJWVlZ5b1hUamRIVU5sa2FyWlRaRjUyWm9aVmQwWXpOTmxHWjNzME5yZG5iV0pUUnVaM0tvNVVUUUZrZUdsSGUwazFUd2xEZTE4VVR5TlRl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/Z644RVrdngp.png" group-title="DISH TV", [010] News 24 HD
http://?PW9tVTNCM01wcFhhb1JuYjFrWFUydEVUMU5HVFNoM2QzSVZhT1JFYXdkMmNrVkhUd04yTWo5U1pLcFhaME0zWmtsbmNoeFVORFIyVHpoVk5sVm5SeGdIVUl0Q05tRkVhUTlDWm9oblN5UmplT1IxTVdCSFNMWldiWmRuYUhaVFVsbEVOdlpqYU9GbGFIZDNWakptYzFvbGM1bG5Odm9WZXJsVFVNTkhSbHBHY0VWRld6TmpicXBXUmlaVWN3Rm5ORkoxZHZobmJFSlRPck5GZHdRMU55TkRhMVZqUlRCVlUwOFdTWFIyTEtKVGVCaGxNeEZEVjJoemF1WlRaeGsyYXhKRmVWTkVicllqVXJVVWN1bFZTWDlpV1lKblM1OFNNbXRHZTFKM1pMSm5O
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/639iTnh90UR.png" group-title="DISH TV", [011] Independent TV
http://?PUVuVTNCM01wcG5kb1JuYjFrWFV3dEVUMU5HVFNsM2QzSWxhc05XZFE1a1VwOUNTMVZXVlRaVmN4ZEdhV1IyYTIwVWRZUmxhNFZqYzBKM0tubDBLblJuUTJjbGNvSldiYUZGZElsbVZ5ZHpkWlZVWlBWSGFFVlVUSEptYnNGV01aOW1NdUZuZDU1VWI1dG1XdmNtY0dsVWRwTmxXMkUwTXBSVlNKWkRWS1JuVXZCMUxoWlhjdEZFV2tOR2NxUkVPbnhVUnZoMlR5WkdPRWQyWnVGRld1VjJjM0ZWYldWSE8zZG5NRjVVZHRaelpSQjNNWjlrTjJaRGVpZEZSckYzWUxsa1JIdFVlT3hHTlBkWE95MUdTaVJGT0l4R09UZG5kcmRIYnBCVlFGSkVl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/1Y2Slm56uJ8.png" group-title="DISH TV", [012] Ekattor TV
http://?PWNuVTNCM01wcFhlb1JuYjFrWFV3dEVUMU5HVFNsMmQzSVZkR3BYZXIwbVl1ZDFhMEZHWndwMGNLcEdlS3BWYzFFRmJzOVdTMWdYVHFwRlNLcG1RRlozWXlOVk5EQlZhakpWTm50MFEyRjBUVkZXYVBKSE1ReGtOMkJUYklsa1lDWmxVdjlVVXlRRGVPaFdTc3RFT2twMmJNdEdPTXQySzRGblRzcDBZbkJIVlhKMGFXbDNhMlEwS3RoVGMzTlVPWDFFY1k1MkxsWmxZU0J6YXBGWFJZZEZUcWRVYVlOMGFMeDJOREZYYXdnSGVxbFZWTmRYYm5salExZ0RacjEyTXNoRWJYaGxieEFuZTBabk55RjJSMkVuY2hoWFd3TVhjekZYYTZkR2NYUldW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/Mq2jeWV007t.png" group-title="DISH TV", [013] Bongo Movies
http://?PTRtVTNCM01wcFhhb1JuYjFrWFV1dEVUMU5HVFM1MmQzSTFaeWdqYWhKR1NEcEZSd2RXYUVaM1EzZFhacVpWWTJ4R2F5SWpadlVsTXNkVE9LQkhiMGxXWXRSVlRyNUdkUlprVUdWa05vQmpOMlFuWlhGbllIVlhUSVJqZHM5a01oWmpjM1ZETUhaMmNycDNSU1J6VWhkVGFQbG5lSlZtYnI5V2RYWkdWeEpITnVsM1VWaG1kbUZFWm1oRlU2SlVTa0JqTXBsbVZOSjJjS05XY2xSRk80aFZSblZrZVFoRmM1RUhlNG9rZUN4VWVKbDBiUnhHVDRSMVJYcFVZeGxuVEdoMEtGUmxkd0FqWVRablVvaDBhMTVVYTZsbVRDTlRhNTVrYVV0MGE0Z1VU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/20mgRCbFLz5.png" group-title="DISH TV", [014] Boishakhi TV
http://?b0oxZHdOVGE2eEdhMDVXTjVGMWNMeFVkanhrVXlkM05TZG1NNGtYWWloMFFhUkVibmxHUjJOMGR4Vm1hV0ZtZHNwV00zVWtjUmhqYnZjWFNRTkVac0JIYWFSVWQ1TTNWdjEwS1RsV2RYcFdUTVZWT3U5U1VyQUZNRmxIYkJWVGEzZ2phUVpWVHY0Mks1bG5Wa3BWV3ZRblF0QlZVWkpIZHRwV2RERnpUNE4yWndWbmR3d1dWanAwVW41V2FINWthTWwwUnNoSFJSSldkd2NXWk1WMFJ6Y2pieVZETjBOVU4wVmxTVHBrVkN4bVY2QlhjMlFIYkNGaldRcEdhMVIzWmxkektWUjNSNVJHT3NkVGVZVlVjR1JrVjRSbVd3NG1SYTVtYWFoVWJNRkhla3AyYndna2UxaDBVcFoxTHVkbVVIMVdZVHhHYXdrMVpSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/DJcpP2t4Mdp.png" group-title="DISH TV", [015] ATN Islamic TV
http://?PUluVTNCM01wcFhkb1JuYjFrWFUwdEVUMU5HVFNCM2QzSTFaeWdEZWhKR1NEcEZSNGRXYUVaM1EzVlhacVpWWTJ4Mlp6Z1ZSeFVYVHV0MmJwMWtWRmwyTnVsMmJTeEdiVnRpV1l0bVIwbDBOcWhUWTI5R2NLWm5hMGdHY2xKRlJSOVNONnBXTlhCRFJJaFhXYVowWnJSMlpTdENiMllUT3Fka1lpWm1TYWxIYTJNRWVyb2tlTFIxU1BselozUmpaakoyYmpkM0tFSjJickVVZFVaa2NtcG5UM05XUkRkR2JPSjNRSWRsY3dwRWVwOWlWSVZWWnhGRVZ0UlhUMWNIYVZKV1RyVmtlVHRHYVp0MFJ2TkRUWXQyWTZwbk5YSkVOM1J6YnY5R2E0RkhX
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/um9o21i3T1E.png" group-title="DISH TV", [016] Gaan Bangla TV
http://?PVFuVTNCM01wcEhjb1JuYjFrWFUwdEVUMU5HVFNGM2QzSVZkR3AzZHIwbVl1ZDFhc0ZHWndwMGNLSkhlS3BWYzFFVmF1RlhZM2dsYTNGVmNDTm5ORFJuTm9KR1NpeFViU1ZWV3VGemR1UlVTeUJYTTNnbVZpTjNaME1WYlNWMlRqSkZSbzVXTURwbVk1cEhUbGxIVUdKWGVzdENUMFowS245eVV1ZEVlSzFtZDNZRk42SjNkM1FFV0NaVFlyUkhiVU5UZTVnR04yWkhNMkVsY3JZalM1SkRld0ZuUXpObmFpTjNMTGQwS2h0U2FqWkRhU1JEYTM5U2JTbGxWdk5IUm81a1Vyc1VlTmRXY2hCVmV1ZDNZUXBuVEtWbmFXWjNjMmRVY0hkbGJPUjNW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/6GxyIRO4P74.png" group-title="DISH TV", [017] DBC News
http://?PWduVTNCM01wcDNib1JuYjFrWFV4dEVUMU5HVFN0MmQzSVZkNXRXZXJZVE0yOUNhc2hWVkRkMlFCSm5WVFZsWXVOMlpwbFVRSmRqU3g1a2U1TlZOeUFIWmtKVlU0dFVkMXRHYnlRR00xbGxOelVHTktoWGMwc3lWSDlHYVhKamVVeG1kMlpYTk9CM054ODJhWlpsVjNSSGRITmtNVmRIYnExVVdWcFVjQ1pIWjNVME51bHpieWdUYXpBekx4ZDFhMkJuZXN0R09GUlZheE1XZXN0eWIyNFdaNHBHZUdWVmQ1MVdXaEoyZERkVWQwSlRjeFFtYXZoa01pNTBVanBITks5MGNzRjFaWFZtTnpwM052TjJOcGxYYUwxR1JyUldZcjlpYWo1RU5HaGxU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/H86bSTqPN6O.png" group-title="DISH TV", [018] ATN Music TV
http://?eUoxZHdOVGE2ZEdhMDVXTjVGbGVMeFVkanhrVXJkM05TZG1NNDhXWWloMFFhUkVkbmxHUjJOMGRvVm1hV0ZtZHNsbk0xaDJRMmdHZG1ka2JhVm1kM0JYUk5kWFJ0WjNNelpEV3lsa2R4c1NOV0ptY3F0MlFLOWtjbTlXWjRJMWFzQjFjcjVXVnJCM1JwaFdZV2wyZG9sR1JweDBSMUkxZFJablVWMUdlNWRWVUMxMFpzRjNTbkYwVERaMVpTTjJWdFoxTjRkM1VHTjBLU2RtUVRWa01CaFRldmxrUnZ0aWR1VlRXeXhVVHZ0MllqUmxOMVZ6WldsM1k1Z25SdGxVYjMwa2FZcDNUdjFVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/hw62kGT7ZqJ.png" group-title="DISH TV", [019] SATV
http://?eEoxZHdOVGE2cEdhMDVXTjVGVmNMeFVkanhrVTRkM05TQjNScnNXTzNKM1FrRjNkcVZuVDJFMVIwRm5kMlZsZVlsSFJ6ZzBSNEZHYnhoM05zeGtiMk5GYjEwME5TRlhhTGREV0VKMWFycFZRaTUwUXFwbFcySlhUUmRXWmtOR2UxRVdjbGhGZTRsMVJwaDFOcDl5VFQxMk01RUZTTk56WnlKRFRoQlRUNk56TjExa2V4WjNhSEpEVWxSWGN2TWxWSkpFUzJ0eVJWNUdjTGxuU2lsVWJEeEViT3hFV25OMUx5QlhZdTlVTlY5bVpDaFVUNEFWZXVWME1vTm5lM2xtTXR4MlE1aG1NS05YUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/2c08GCMcP3z.png" group-title="DISH TV", [020] ATN News
http://?NUoxZHdOVGE2eEdhMDVXTjVGMVpMeFVkanhrVTFkM05TZG1NNFFYWWloMFFhUkVhbmxHUjJOMGR0Vm1hV0ZtZHN0R00xWTBUem9XZEw5VVkycFdkcHgyTVNGbVMyRlhiclluYnR0R2RhTlZhMkVEVTR0bU5HUlhlenhXWm1obGI0WUVicXRTUjBnRWN1RjNLaXQyUnc4bVV4OGtXeVF6YUNGRWF3RWtTcmgxUzRFSE1obEdiMEJuY3JsVmF6QVRlMkVGU3JCbFp4aDBaM0IzVkNoVWRSTm1kNFowY3UxV09yNTBUUTl5VHZjR056UjBSVlozYVZKRWNpUkVlNEp6YVZGRk14aDNiVmRYUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/HRjXQdYEqsE.png" group-title="DISH TV", [021] Ananda TV
http://?NkoxZHdOVGE2OUdhMDVXTjVGbGJMeFVkanhrVXdkM05TZG1NNHNXWWloMFFhUjBhbmxHUjJOMGQxVm1hV0ZtZHNoMk0zRm5RVWRYZHFoMWRTSmtjNlZYVDRCbmM0ZDNWemdFVFl0RWR2QTFRS3QwZDZOMWJyTUVlNjFHUlVkbWR4VURkcFZWUTNJM1Q0aDJiUVptVkdkMlV5VmtlcEpWYVo5aWNPRlhRMXAyUVJwbFUyUW5jQnhtUUxGelp3TVZRNXhVVm9GV090OWlUNHAyTTVRRmJDZGphdjhHTTRrVVY0UkhXdWR6VHhrMmF2UW5XMjFrZVdCWFRCbFRZbmxGU25wWE56Wm5XM2RXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/eRdA7FckAyD.png" group-title="DISH TV", [022] Nokshi TV
http://?PU1uVTNCM01wcEhkb1JuYjFrWFVxdEVUMU5HVFN4MmQzSVZhT1JFZXdkMmNrVkhUb04yTWo5U1pLRlhaME0zWmtsbmNaaG1aelVuTjRkWFlrWkhOUlIzY09OMFN3RURkeVFuVFBKbGQwVm5XV0pYVUZSSFJGRlhiTHhVZERsak1hRmtSb3BFYk0xV1l0MUdVcEZrV0lkVmNvMUdTdFpqYnl4VVF4RURieUEzUjNWRE9TVmtkR1ZFU0tKamN0ZFhReEZXT3FwMlNabFdSNTltZVZSbmFJUnpVb04yZGpsbmR1aG5RMVJsTU1WVGF1bFdUcE5HVDZkR1ZVNTJVdFZYVzJNa1dyTVVlaDFrWUpKemFuSldONGdIZFp4V2RVTlVkMlExWkhoVFUzWnpN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/73n4apmZhr6.png" group-title="DISH TV", [023] Akash AATH
http://?dUoxZHdOVGE2cEhhMDVXTjVGMVpMeFVkanhrVXFkM05TZG1NNHNXWWloMFFhUlVkbmxHUjJOMGQyVm1hV0ZtZHNsM01hTjFMVFJVYTNnMFlaVkZldVZFUmtkSGN0SkhSMGxsV1NsbWN4VkVWRWxXVTJGME55TUhNTGRuZFFCbFRCWlVkMGdYUnZVV2UydGtWVFZrTVZWWFYyZEdXM2tFYXR4RU0zcFZjbk56Vlhsa2JzbEdkdmdFZHlremR5NDJSMnBGTW8xa01UZG5VeVZuUU5GMU56STFaRkZXTm5ObWV3TkVPaHRFYVpsV1QwSlhOQ0p6YTNFVlpOMUdUcmRIYXdvMFRweEdPMlVVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/j6nIdklOX39.png" group-title="DISH TV", [024] Zee Bangla
http://?PTBtVTNCM01wcEhhb1JuYjFrWFUzdEVUMU5HVFNoMmQzSWxkWlowYzZwM2F6aFhjMnhHTWpGa2RFZG1laFJqVm5oVGNCUkhUdkpFVjBORmFObHpVc1ZuUzZGalJKVjBiaHBtV3JkMk02Wm5XS0ptU3pnblM1UldOaGhHZTZSMWEzY1hTdlpIVlU5Q1NERjNNMTlDTlp0eWMyeEVld2czYnlGbmJpaDFUdzlXYkpSRWN3UldhRWxsTlZOR2J6bFZVRGgwTmtkbmNJdFVkMVFIYm9SV1RxdEVVbzkyU1U1a2R5ZG1RakZ6VlNkRmJYUldPejhtYnZGSGR5TldiNWRtUVBwbWQ0WjFkenBYVjNkMGEzTldiYUJGVEZkSFZSdFdkSWgwY3Q1VU9FSlVa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/fU2HFXtrX7d.png" group-title="DISH TV", [025] Zee Bangla Cinema
http://?MkoxZHdOVGE2OUdhMDVXTjVGbGJMeFVkanhrVXVkM05TWlhXR2RuZTZ0MmM0Rkhkc0J6WUJaSFI2cFhZMFkxWjRrbVF1SkhlRzFFYW9aRU5xcG5hclpIYTJCblUycFdlVGh6VlBoWGR3RUhNckkwTXVaM2N0aDJUTEIzTHloRWVJNW1lVkJsUXJkV2J1WmtXU3hrWVo5MlV6ODBRejVVYlE5R1ZVMTJMdDFrV1BKR1VRbG1OeEVFTWhOamJsbFVRcngyUnBkSE5YcG5WdjVXY0xoMlFtWlhlRzlVTnFCbFR4ZFhPNXBrZDJsR2RMOVNjdWhWY3lzQ1V0eEVNdU5sY3ZJV1lWSkhUUWhuUUVsWGI2QkRSaEZYUTJGa2J2a21WVzFHVk5wM05qWkViMGRVTzNwbVQ0cFVSUmgyYXdOSE00WVRhUU5WY1BoR2FSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/62pJAoY3kCM.png" group-title="DISH TV", [026] Sony AATH
http://?NkoxZHdOVGE2aEdhMDVXTjVGMVpMeFVkanhrVXdkM05TQjNScmNXTzNKM1FrRlhjcVZuVDJFMVJ2Rm5kMlZsZVk1bVF3TUdSbHhFZEZaMFZCWlRSMzlXVUhCeksyZG5OREpFWnF0eWFJOVdVSVpHUnJkVlYyMEVVTzFtWXhaa1JNdENjdWhuYUlwV1QxRkhXMmtGTjJ3V04xa2tiM2xEZDEwMFRyY2phMkpGVWpabWRIbEhTMlFIV0RWMGN0RjJZNlJrTnNCRlp5UTJidGhHUzNOWFdtbEhjT1JsZEtKSFJ3cFVkTzUwYjVnblUwVmpNcnRpY1VKRWV3UW5OcUYwYWFWa1VSWjNTMkVVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/105QtNR46SH.png" group-title="DISH TV", [027] Ruposhi Bangla
http://?PUluVTNCM01wcFhkb1JuYjFrWFV5dEVUMU5HVFNoM2QzSUZjSHRpYTVjbmNEUldjd3BXZE9aVFVISlhjMlpYVjZoMWRDcDBheUFsUjRoektTeGthUHhHTUVoRVJ2TmxhWEpGZXdOV093cFdOdU5qVks1MmJ3bFhWaHRDYVFoVWM0QlhSMFpsYU5oSFp2eG1kelFqZDVVVmVWRm5NTUZrTnY5U1NIUnpWTGxuVjIwVU1LbDNhaUpVVXhRRU1yZFVXM3RDVWh0R2JOVkRNbHRHZDNGV1dRbHpjbmRqZDJNR1VSeG1aM3RtWXVkRGR3QTNVVWxqY3dsR2EzVldTNnBIZW5kRmFOaFdiMWxrVTJnbWU0TjFkaWwxY3o4V01RVlRPbEZYYzQ1MlVxQmpk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/Xqf99tBaKw2.png" group-title="DISH TV", [028] Sangeet Bangla
http://?PVVuVTNCM01wcFhhb1JuYjFrWFU2dEVUMU5HVFNwMmQzSUZjSHR5YTVjbmNEUldjNXBXZE9aVFVIaFhjMlpYVjZoRmFFTjNUTWhGTjYxRVdtWkVUU2gzWVlSbVJvUmxjMklEUk5wa1d2VjBiMmNYU1hsV2R4aFVWNWtHZHpCVFRWTkVjeUJUZTJrekxIWjNhVWxHT2lGamJTUnpOdTFtYTExa2VGUldWeU5YZXNCMVIyeFVkNU4zWTFZMVF2aFZiSVpXT3BKSFV2UnpNbEowZE9CSFMzcFVjcUpYUkYxVVdFeG1RMUEzTVVKSGNNSmthVWgzYTJObVkwY0RjazkyVFFWbGQ0TmtlbHR5TW1Sa1J4aEhPWGRVYXZoV1p5OVdPeW9HYnlNbVJJUkdk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://sund-images.sunnxt.com/75117/200x200_4b19b530-f0bb-4b26-a9de-f3cdd5f8be20.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [029] Sun Bangla
http://?NGRrV3lFVU5ZZFhURlpWYmg5eWN6MFdaSVJIWm9aWFJsRjFOTFJuYkhabmRybEZldzFHT3ZaWFM2aFRSelIyYlh4V1pPdEdlb0ZFYllCblVzMW1RNDlDTWhwR2FudG1OMTRXUzFKVmF4Y0ZlbVJET3lsMU40RkZTMUVIYzVWM0xTQjFhdlVuTXYxV016ZEdNb2wxU1A5MlFvaEZWa05VYkZ4a1lXSkZSMFJ6U2tObllyWkhORmRrZHlwMWRzTkVWV1YwY3dKRWU=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d229kpbsb5jevy.cloudfront.net/tv/150/150/bnw/star-jalsha-black.png" group-title="DISH TV", [030] Star jalsha
http://?cmRrV3lFVU5ZaFdURlpWYmg5Q2N6MFdaSVJIWjBaWFJsUldXU2QzUVBaRVp0MW1jNUZEVDJGVmV1bEZhTFJuVk0xbVRCRlRTd1FGYUhSWFVxbEZOMk5WV3JFMVYyTlhaMllEY3ROamVQTmpRcVZXUTZWV1l6QkhPNWNtUzFaM1JNZG1iU1YzYTRJa1F4ZGxjMGNEZVROM0wyOVVXdkVIZHlBRlZWcFdlMVpGUnJVbk56OEdiT0puUW5wa2JIOVVZMWRqZXBOR1o=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://image3.mouthshut.com/images/imagesp/925918368s.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [031] Jalsha Movies
http://?NGRrV3lFVU5ZSlhURlpWYmg5U2J6MFdaSVJIWjNaWFJsUldXUzUyUVBaRVp0MVdhNUZEVDJGVmU1bEZhTFJuVk05MlR6NGtiM1pVY3ROM1V2VUZVbnRXZEVSamJZdEdNMHRrVjA5RWVaMWtSWlJuYTVCMVN2a3pMUWRXVnUxVVZGMTJjUlZrWTBoVll0cFZaaVZtWVRoblFydFdaaVZqZEp4RU1JdFVWM2RYWXpjbWR0cDNWcEJsZTRKMVpPOWlZTXBXUzRCVFk=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/V6mD2QiByZs.png" group-title="DISH TV", [032] Dhoom Music
http://?c0oxZHdOVGE2aEdhMDVXTjVGMWRMeFVkanhrVXRkM05TVm5SNmQyS3RKbWJYdEdkaFJHY0tOblN6aG5TYUZYTlJoSGJLSlRVNUZuYjFCblJzSkRVM0pEZTFOMUs1MVdVbGxWTTFka2ExY0hlV1JqWTVOWFRSOWljUTlXTnA5V1l2ZGxjdE5UTU9wVloycFZlM0VYU1o1V09ySjFMSDFrY0xKVk1UeDBjb05XWlFsWGJRVm5kTk4xTFpaMWNSeFViTFJtYnM5ME5yUUdNMlpuWkNaVFZKaDBkeVptVE9SVWNzZERld2NtZEJkbmV4SWxOdjhFYXdFVmFhbEZlcVJFVXBwM1ZTQlhURmhUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gtvlive.com.bd/wp-content/uploads/2020/03/live-logo.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [033] Gazi TV
http://?dGRrV3lFVU5ZRlhURlpWYmg5eWF6MFdaSVJIWjZaWFJsRjFOTGhtYkhabmRybGxhdzFHT3ZaWFM0aFRSelIyYlhkR1owTnphbHQwY2hOSFdMWmtiMHhHTmgxMFNyY21jak5UT1ZkbGRSNUVldlVVT3VaSFZORlZVTlozS0JGRWJWaG5haFpFWnUxV1U2eDJNeGxYZVFCM1Y1SVhiTGRWYlJSelVvWm1jdHhrU0RCMWR2MG1iMDUyVDBRRGNCZHpLMVFVYjBaMWM=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.deepto.tv/sites/default/files/deepto_tv_logo%20Edit.png" group-title="DISH TV", [034] Deepto TV
http://?PT1BZFhSRFRJTjFVeFpsU0JGek12RTNUS3AyWXhKbmV6UW5ZUjFUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.duronto.tv/global/admin/images/setting/logo2.png" group-title="DISH TV", [035] Duronto TV
http://?PT1nYlhSRFRJTjFVNlpsU0JGek12ODJUS3AyWXhKbmJ6UW5ZUjFUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/t-sports.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [036] TSports
http://?NGRrV3lFVU5ZQlhURlpWYmg5Q2J6MFdaSVJIWnhaWFJsRjFOTE5uYkhabmRybDFadzFHT3ZaWFN1aFRSelIyYlhCblpVbERjVUoyWndZbVFKaFhXNGxsUWFoV1pVZG5XdFYxUk9wRWNvcDBTaE5rWjNOWE9vSkdjQmxuVW9SWGNDVjBkNVUzVlBaMmIweFVjeEpuVlpWblZZSm1kaFpIYTJobmR5QTNZM2htYTNsR1Z6TjNjc1ozVU1SbGJLZEdjMUpWUTJKRk4=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d229kpbsb5jevy.cloudfront.net/tv/150/150/bnw/Colors_Bangla_HD_TV_black.png" group-title="DISH TV", [037] Colors Bangla
http://?bkoxZHdOVGE2QkhhMDVXTjVGbGNMeFVkanhrVTRkM05TMVdjTWxXWldKblNDZEZhNWh6VVRaVVV5VkVaSFpWY0xwV2F5VUhjcFJqYndWVVQzaDJMeWhqVXNwWGNMQm5RYTlVZTQ0bWN6OVVRTkJuUXNKbE1FUldXTTFXVE5OM1kzTUhjRmxGYzRNWFNvWmpaUGxtYzQ1R1RxMTBkWEpHZTBOMUxyUUhhbk56Y2hORmRQbG5RdFZIVTRoR2QzVUROSGwwUW5aWE8wUjNNemQyTXZra2JNVm1hWGRuTVB0a1d5MVVXVnhtYTJnMllHcFhONU1qZWlaR2N3Z1VONGRuZHhaM2FJbEdheUptU3dNR2NZSjBSUE5YYnJsRmVzcDJZYVZYZTRGVVdwdFNhMUpHUnlrekx2dG1OT2RITnBobU5aOVNVM0VEZHd4bWVSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/k0i5kbGxf81.png" group-title="DISH TV", [038] Sony Max
http://?M0oxZHdOVGE2cEhhMDVXTjVGbGRMeFVkanhrVXRkM05TQjNScm9XTzNKM1FrRjNjcVZuVDJFMVJ6Rm5kMlZsZVk5R1JFRkdWYUJUYWFkRmRMUkZWMFpuZGhWbFJPTjNTTHBXTm0xMGR1SldXeW9GWnBCVE9aWkVSeDVtVkhwSFdXQnpiMlJXTnZOSE0zbFZUVFZUV0lwM1k2OUdWVTlrY3ZFbll1QkhVNVowTjVOalR2Y0dja2xtWXlVMmRyVTJjNUp6TTJKRlVGZFhXb2RYUTBGMWFSbGplMlVWWnlNbFZ1dGlXcmxtVExOSGQ0Z25lYVZ6YnQ1VWFraFhaMmxUUVdCRmJqbG5lelFUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/EDghoaQSYjJ.png" group-title="DISH TV", [039] 9XM
http://?PT1nZVNkSGN6a21lNmhHZHVWVGVSUjNTTVYzWU1KRmUzZGpVcGRVYjJKV01ZaDBSNGhHYmxWVE13WkVjeEZrYTFoSGNvbEdTQnBIYU5sWGIzUkhNTlIwYjNoMlZEcFZZNmxHUmtaVVVxUkhOME1YYjZORWJ2RVRPbzEwTXB4a1MxNVdkMDEyZHVaMk40RmxkTkZHU0VsbGR4MTJOd0JsVk1OSFc1RUZid1FFYmhKVmN5VkhVb2QxSzQwVVdhSlhlMk5rTXdJbmVhdGlkQlpXWTE1V2NuQmxXdU5uWUpkM1FRTkRieUJYY1VsM1o2MVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/SJT2p0fTxAJ.png" group-title="DISH TV", [040] Zee Cinema
http://?PW9tVTNCM01wcG5kb1JuYjFrWFVudEVUMU5HVFNoM2QzSWxkWlpFYTZwM2F6aFhjbnhHTWpGa2RFNW1laFJqVm5oemRFdG1aUWRGTTNCRFp6SXpjdHBtVWtSMllscDNhejBrZEJ4VVY0Rm5aQ2RWUWl4MlNYdHlNSWhYY1E1bU1QOWtldmRqYlU5MlJuOUdWeXRHZDBWMWNrZFZaTHBXY3lGRldya1hhclUzSzRrMExMeEVlNWwwUUs5V2MzSmtTUjlTVnNSblYzQmxkd1pFYXdaV2VUQkZkeTlDYm5wa1V0cG5kWkJqY041VWRRQlZWVE4yWXVCWGMwWmpOQkZuTTQ4MlF4dENkTlZIYzNsMFkyNVdiUDlHV1h4MlEzTlRNUWhHZHlwM2M0Y1ZW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/5jV3f9QxcHs.png" group-title="DISH TV", [041] Zee TV
http://?b0oxZHdOVGE2ZEdhMDVXTjVGVmRMeFVkanhrVXNkM05TWlhXR0JuZTZ0MmM0Rm5kc0J6WUJaSFJ1cFhZMFkxWjQ0V1F4b2tONnRTY3haa1Q1RnpZNWRVWTFOVGFQVkhjU0ZuZTJZVWVtWmtlQ1JsWjBKVVl6RnpiM0EzWWxCSE01UVZka05VYzFnMUtvVlhURjVrZG5oWFd3a1ZSV1J6WjZKelNSTmpjcWx6VjBnV2J5a1dWU2RrUm50VWVTVlZXdzBFZXZGMllhRlZaUjVHVUZkMFExUldjVWRuYXROM2IwRldXQ2RrZXF0MmIxbDNOelJ6Y1kxRVV4d2tTNjlDTTBaa1lDeEdUMU1XUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/1HdlD6Nlx39.png" group-title="DISH TV", [042] Music India
http://?PVVuVTNCM01wcFhlb1JuYjFrWFV3dEVUMU5HVFNWM2QzSVZhT1IwYXdkMmNrVkhUNE4yTWo5U1pLWlhaME0zWmtsWGNpUkZPdTlXT25WWFp4RURTS3RXZE1KV1lHVm1ieUFUWWhSbE5zOWlURWRtYk9oWFY0cG5XUUZIYm5kemJ5dFdWbnhHTVhaV1p1cG5lYUpXYURGbGJQOVVlbWxVY3RwVWFWRkZTeGNuTlpCWFlaWmthMDVFWk45V05zdDJhdkZsYUJkbk16bFVibEZHYzRkMllRWlRXM3RVVlJCbGFocDNTSlpsVU5oMmQyTXpRRk5FTTRGR01VUmpZd2hYUWxSV1kxRVVjekpsYkhkbFNwUlhjeVJFVktoR2V1eFVhckZIY2xWMmMxWUZW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/GZ7tHf1hx1x.png" group-title="DISH TV", [043] 9X Jalwa
http://?NEoxZHdOVGE2eEdhMDVXTjVGbGRMeFVkanhrVXdkM05TbDJSdEZuWXhnRlNIaG5lc1ZXTnhBblIzRlhRcVZIZXc1MlpFWlVUcVZtZVFGMGNUOUdjcVYzVDFrbVQ1SVhNVFZEZFUxbWJIbFVTS1ZVTzRWblpacFdRUlJuWTQ4V05ZcDNaM2MwVjNNRlY2Wm1hWTEwYUc1V1ZMVmtleUFWYjZwVU94VTJVM0J6VjRRRVQxSUhjRHBXTnhra2MwY1RTSWhVUnhCRFNPTkdXTXRHT0s5R1dpQjNhTWh6UUJsMWMzOVVTTjVtU3YxV00xQTFhNVFIZEpObFpvMTBMelptV0ZsRU5LZG5lS3RXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/8bOOXkJ1cLJ.png" group-title="DISH TV", [044] BBC World
http://?dkoxZHdOVGE2WkhhMDVXTjVGRmNMeFVkanhrVW5kM05TZG1NNElYWWloMFFhUjBkbmxHUjJOMGQwVm1hV0ZtZHNwbU1acG5VcHRtZHdsa1RpZFZWdTlFVUxwbFZqUjNVRnBFVE5KRWRZWlVOS0J6S3lWMmFDTjNZUjVHYTN0bVFLeG1jekYwUnhWMEx5TkZPVWhqV2lkWFVNaEZPQjFFYTBkWFFyaFZSc0YwWTVZV1NuMTJRM1luVlVCbGJ3ZEhTbUprV3hsRWRLVm1RM2ttVzFoelRGcDNjNUVFT3JnMk1wcDJUMGdqVGpSbmQzZ0RXNUVXY3U1bWU1Y0hSMU5YUjJkR093aEdNbkZVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/0iLtx9H8sr5.png" group-title="DISH TV", [045] Aljazeera
http://?PThtVTNCM01wcEhhb1JuYjFrWFVvdEVUMU5HVFNCM2QzSTFaeWdUZGhKR1NEcEZSeGRXYUVaM1EzcFdacVpWWTJ4V2F3WTNOVkJYYnBSVVZOeDJSRXRtTXJkalNVUjNia2RqVkxsVk5xcFVUMmMxWjNsMlpFNTJWeVVsZXhORVJ6TjFWdVZHUjNJVlZPeDJVeVZqUldCbmNNRlVTV04xVXFKbFoxTldNeUVIV3BoMlpQNTJiMTBHZUVaR1pwRkdOSDlrYklsM1NGQkRXNk4wWmlGa1dFWlVWeXhtZXp4RWRJTjNOeEZuTVVGM1pYTkZjTjkwYnY1bVFxcDFhWGhuVzNJRVdEdFVieDQwVVVKV2V6NTBMTDVFTTZCWGNGTmtUSWRGYnNWSGNxaGth
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/R0Q9g76k87Z.png" group-title="DISH TV", [046] Lotus Macau
http://?PUVuVTNCM01wcFhhb1JuYjFrWFVxdEVUMU5HVFM1MmQzSVZhT1JVYXdkMmNrVkhUdU4yTWo5U1pLWlhaME0zWmtsWGJaQlZldDVFVzJoalI1RURXNTltYkpoMUtyWjNaVGhWVG9sRWQ2Vm5VR2hqUnlvV09QbFhOelEzY3Y0bWRXMWtkeE5XVE9GV1ZhNUdkMmxrU1Boa2JzVkVOdjhpVTR4RWFZQjFLdk5YYVFsbWVSVlZiNUZYU1JSME16eEVhMEVVVzFVM1pSWkZSSDlVYURKMktPcFhaejkyUVJGMk40OVdUNE5YY3pFemI1Y0VXNG9VVTNSV2FpWlVaRnBIWktsbVNXMTBicGgxYzFFbFl6aFRWUWREVTVnbk5ZWjJNMlJtYlFSRVIzZGta
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/485iHu5R5IB.png" group-title="DISH TV", [047] Ary Digital
http://?PVFuVTNCM01wcG5jb1JuYjFrWFV1dEVUMU5HVFNGM2QzSTFaeWdqZGhKR1NEcEZSMWRXYUVaM1EzRlhacVpWWTJ4V2J5RW5Ra1pVZHlwbWJIdDBZTTVHTnl0RU5CUldjaGRsTW5Salo2bFVUd1lWVEZGWGVzUlVVb0Z6YkROME5vcEhjb0pqVkZkMGF6aG5kc1IyVGtwa2FQbEVNV056Y250aU1RWjNkNU1IZVlkRFdsbEhlclpHYlRaMlF1SmtZcklVVzRrSGVSTm5WNXcwYTJsWE95VVZNMUJEU3pOVlMyMG1kTjFVT3NORmEzcDNOemNGVDFSekw1cFVRdFZYUnFKaldXQkRjeUFqWnpaR01wZEVSeGhGZEd4V1Z5YzJLVWh6YjBBbFpYaFRl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/t1Dt29onOQT.png" group-title="DISH TV", [048] Ary Zindagi
http://?PUluVTNCM01wcFhkb1JuYjFrWFUydEVUMU5HVFNoM2QzSTFaeWd6ZGhKR1NEcEZSdmRXYUVaM1EzSlhacVpWWTJ4Mlp6TUhNV0JGVHdGa1V5UXpjbXhtU29Gbk1EZDJkelFEVDNra1IxUkViczlXZTRnSFZpdFVXaVZUYWxSVk5OZHpTeUZYTWxkV2J5NEdNTGhUZXk1V2VEZG5SbGRXUTJabGUwQlhUVkIzVlVCblUzWkdheWxrWndWWFQxZFRZT0JsZW01R1JPaFZldlJsYjNSRmR1Rkhhc1puVTRkellPRm5TajEyVlJWRWVXZGtaeFFuVXVKVU5LZFhRc1puVzVVSGUxVTNhS04xVHROV1F1dG1RNWt6ZDBrV1FabEhXMTVHZXFSalVEaEdW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/2oGVLjEB0gi.png" group-title="DISH TV", [049] Rai Italia
http://?PWtuVTNCM01wcDNab1JuYjFrWFVxdEVUMU5HVFNwMmQzSUZjSHRTZTVjbmNEUldjd3BXZE9aVFVIaFdjMlpYVjZoVmJFMWtOdUZtZTFsV2FzcEZhNjVHVUhOa2VRcDBaeVpIZGxGM054dFNXMmRVV0JoM1VwcFhRREptZXNwWFFLOVVjbkpuYVlKR1dSbFhkS3hXWXhjM2NXZEVlVUZGTm5wM0w2bEZjWlZITk1GR096Vm5lVTVVUlN4RWR0VlhjRjFFUk5aSGJoZEhkMEozWnh0V2RqVm1SdEZuU0Z0eVRMdDJVQmxtV2hoRmRIcEVlSnhVTzFOVFR4Y0Zka1pITVRsRk55MW1kdmRUTW9wMWQ2SlhPQmhYVHhrbVpRcG1RNHgwYXFGSGVNTkhh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/b12C5CpfsdY.png" group-title="DISH TV", [050] Euro News
http://?PTRtVTNCM01wcDNib1JuYjFrWFU2dEVUMU5HVFM5MmQzSVZkR3BYZHIwbVl1ZDFhdEZHWndwMGNLbEdlS3BWYzFFVmF1SkZTc1pUVnU1bVI1ZFZUbDVHZVRwbmN6aEdhcTlXTnVwWE1xaERSV0pIYmx4bVYxNW1jMVoxYVNSVWFHTlVXM2RrUkZOelJOQkhhV2RrVU14bWRYbEhjemtUVjBORlN6TmtRbmxIV3pwVk9GcFhhcEpEYTNVbWNuVmpZSWxVVTBnMlVEcG5VdmR6WmE5VVZPWkhTd05WT1NwMGFyMFdhYTlXZHJnbmV0ZFRkMTVXY3daRE90ZEdhRXhtYXR4RVZDbDNhd2xWVW9kamJ4bHpVUzltWXJCSFp4VmxaM01tZXpsM1ZPWkdj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/eH2YVqXcen0.png" group-title="DISH TV", [051] ABC Australia
http://?PW9tVTNCM01wcFhkb1JuYjFrWFU0dEVUMU5HVFNCM2QzSTFaeWdqZWhKR1NEcEZSeWRXYUVaM1EzZFdacVpWWTJ4bWJ4ZzBMcFIyWXZ0U2R3ZDJMeWhYTUQxV1VCSlViSjlrZDZaMlkwdEdlUk5tTXRsV2NXSkdNUVYwZHJ3R2VEVlVNc04zZHlkV092Z0hXVTVtUklaMWQ2WlZUdWhXYjVkbGJ0QlRPNGhIVzVzMk1KSkdjdnRHZWpSRlIyTkhaS0pHVHlsMllPTjBOcVIyWmhOVE00WlZSdmRWYzN0R1Z3a0dheTRrVHc4a2U0QjNZaUYwYjJaak5DeFVRMjRXZUVOamVWTkZiNFZVYnVkME11cGxWckJqTlZWM2JRUmtNRGwyYnlOak1QQlRZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/Dr5As01pn0B.png" group-title="DISH TV", [052] PTV World
http://?ekoxZHdOVGE2bEdhMDVXTjVGRmFMeFVkanhrVXRkM05TQjNScllYTzNKM1FrRm5kcVZuVDJFMVJ0Rm5kMlZsZVkxR1I0MVVRMWswWndnektKcEZldFIzVlBOR1IxVVhicVZqUUtoRGF3WWplNmgzTDQ5MmQxVmpOUEZuYjJGbWJ4c0ViUkZVTjM1RVMwTlhUS0JGY3JVWE1ZWjJhdmhIYTNjRVZKbEhTd0owTnp4V1dEaG1XWnhVV3ZZamIzb25Td1FFVzFSM1JDVmpXeW9tVHdFRVNNTmpiellGVlZwVlo0aEhSc0oyUTN3V1JCZGtaV3RXYjNrRGFHaEVUenRVUmFKa1J2c0dTaUZWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/rlCNJtTWjqR.png" group-title="DISH TV", [053] RT News
http://?PT1RZFNkSGN6a21lMGhHZHVWVGVSMTJTTVYzWU1KVmUzZGpVd2QwS3VsemR5TkVaeFZuYTE1a05SZEVkeFpuZFZwSFc1SlVkTkJWVkZ0R04xeDBiWU5GZTJWRFJMaFZSdDFrWnJGRmFoWm5UaGhVUXpVemRhVmtVWXBuUXNGbVRSUmtNS2RYYlpoalVzUlVick1rYkhka1k1VkhiWmhHZDVoSGV6UUZka3QyZDFNbVl6TTBWcGhXWXZFR2JCcDJOM1lFZVcxRWJzbGpNVTFHTm9semRtQnpOMEkzTHhZVlV2QnpadnNVT1pCWFFwMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/mi3DwvgJwBz.png" group-title="DISH TV", [054] PTV Global
http://?PVluVTNCM01wcEhhb1JuYjFrWFVzdEVUMU5HVFNOM2QzSUZjSHR5YjVjbmNEUldjM3BXZE9aVFVIaFdjMlpYVjZoMWREZHpOSEpWUXVWR1dvZEdjS1IzY1NoM1RJQkRhc2hHWllOa1Q0TjBRb1prWXhVSGJJcDBLWlJqZHJZamR3SVVhc0pIZVJKRmVEUjNWMXcyS3JSMWQ2VlRVM0lVWTZoRWMzZ3pWU3hHYjFZRlRsZFRkWU5uU3ZsR1NzMTJSVE4zUXo0MmRPTjBjR3BsY1F0Q2NSWldNMFZsZURwa1l2UjNaS1pHVXlwbmRFWmxOVlZWZW5KVVp1TjFhdklITjVkVFpIaHpkNWtITU5sV2M0TkZiakIzUjE4bVd2RlhXTFZEZXhwbE1yRkhP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/8U14b8HzJeF.png" group-title="DISH TV", [055] NHK World Japan
http://?eUoxZHdOVGE2cEdhMDVXTjVGMVpMeFVkanhrVXhkM05TbG1URUZIY25OSFoxeDBiak56WXZVbVNuVkdOemRHWjVabllPWlVaVEJ6YjBaekt3QkZSb3RtVTFSSGEzUjNUalZrUkhKRmM1c21VM1VuYnVaMmJ6UUZhSWhuY1ZwM2JFQlhiczUyWjFFa1R0QnpVMllUU2p4bU16SUVjM0lWYlY1MmJtRldXMTlrYlh0bVJ5Y25WeTlVWjVRR2EyY0dPNGhsVnNoRlNtWm5aNnRXZHQ5MFJSVlRiMm9HU3FsRGN2UnpVdjhtVXp4bU16UUhUajlDZWhSR01ZVjNTcE5qUW9oRGV4ZzJTNWxWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/8nly7s6w8nI.png" group-title="DISH TV", [056] AL Arabiya
http://?PThtVTNCM01wcG5jb1JuYjFrWFUydEVUMU5HVFM1MmQzSTFaeWdEY2hKR1NEcEZSMmRXYUVaM1EzeFdacVpWWTJ4R2R3Y1dTdHRVVXdSVlN6eEVkazFHZUtWa2F3VURhT056Y1JCM000cGxVblZ6WXJBSE1NSjJUYUpWYzFrRE55WlVkdDlrZGtsbmNrZFdlMnBuWjBZSGRFSkVSbVJuTm5KMFJ6bzNkcmNXU3VkR2RKcEVjWjlXVXhoME1uTmxNSUZYU3NSWFM1QlhlaFptZXhRRFdoQjFidWgxWjRRRU1HMUdNcmN6U0NGbmN1cFhZMndHZDQ5RVJyQjFRWWQzTXhObmVUbFZiUFZUUldkMlM0eDBTM28xYUV0bVY2SjNNMklUZDVFbVJ4TWti
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/jq7qr2d6FF6.png" group-title="DISH TV", [057] DW
http://?PT1RY1NkSGN6a21ldWhHZHVWVGVSMTJTTVYzWU1KRmIzZGpVMVprZTF0U2JpNTJWcjlXWWtCblN6cGtlNHBrV3hWVFUzNUdUWloyYWtSWFZ3VTFOb3hVZTNJWGV4VjJSdWh6ZHZaa2VXOTJjWHBtUnZkamEwWUhhUkJWWnpWSFZ0ZFhTeThtYTJFWE90QmxheklrYzFFblV1cEhORFYyUzJjV2EyRWpZbnRDZDRJbFJ6RVhTM05IYkJoblR3Tm5OMVVYYTZGVGNFeFdPR1ZFY3pKRWEwRjBTTmgyZDJRRWRpeEdiWmRtTmh4VVE2MVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/asiantv.jpg?" group-title="DISH TV", [058] Asian TV
http://?NkoxZHdOVGE2dEdhMDVXTjVGMWRMeFVkanhrVXVkM05TZG1NNGtXWWloMFFhUmtjbmxHUjJOMGQxVm1hV0ZtZHNsSE1ucGxZekVYZENkbFRaRmpjMEozUVVobWNFZG1hS1ZGVU5kM2JocG5NTUYzYnJkVFlyWnpZQzVXV0xWbGJXcEhjT0ZuUUo5eWQwdEVNeGttTU5oR2FvUlZVWjVrY2o1a1lOaEVPcFZHYTVZM2JMcDNUeEpYVjA5Q2RaUkZiaTVFTTBsMVJhcDJWczkyZDRrbWUxSUViMXhVUWk5aVZ4Qm5SM2xEZXYxMlNIVm1aMm9XYXhvVWRJTmthdXQwYVZSbVVGNTJLRWhUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/w_368,h_207,c_scale,f_auto,q_auto/resources/0-9-channel_1643519345/channel_list/zing_1104009900.png" group-title="DISH TV", [059] Zing
http://?MlZIVG9Kak5qaFhlUzlpTTNsVGI0NVdSM0FUVHpsbmJtQnpWeFZITll0MGNDTlZhMFpsUjB3bWE2SldNeXBsYXVobmMxbFZiVlZsYnFSRFR3dFdPdzVVUjRWR2JHSkhiczkwWTQwV2NoNVVjeEpGUm9wWFIwY2tNd2hXZTFFVVpEcFdkV1pXUm1aR2VwMTBWVWRETlBGWFJ5Um5jV0pVY2ExbU5PcDFMd0YwUlJkRlIxZDJUTFpWYjJjVWIzQlhSTnBIZHJwbWM0TXpZVnhHVVFaRWVWdGtiNGMwUUVkV1F3VlVjc3RHUnZwbWRIQlRVQjVtYm9kSFVYSldhMTEyS0dOak5NdEdPa2xVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/w_368,h_207,c_scale,f_auto,q_auto/resources/0-9-tvhd_0/channel_list/09tvhd_0tvhd.png" group-title="DISH TV", [060] &TV
http://?cFZIVG9Kak5qRlhlUzlpTTNsRGQ0NVdSM0FUVHBsbmJtQnpWeGxITll0MGNDTlZkMFpsUjB3bWExSldNeXBsYXVsbmMxbFZiVlZsZHFSRFR3dFdPMjVVUjRWR2JHcEhiczkwWTQwMmJoNVVjeEpGUm5wWFIwY2tNd3RXZTFFVVpEcDJiV1IxWjZabVcxSnpMdk5qV1pkbld5bFdkSUpsYVJWR1RqUnpadXRXZXhaM1p6Z25lME5qVDFORGJJTlVUWU4xY3RGbGFxTm1WMDBXWkNKVFNrQm5iSUIzYmFCSFIxUm5lazVtYTZGSE1NaFhVSmhFZFhOVllQMWtNeEpUY3pGbFF5VlhTbGRGVW5CM2JLeDBOeEVqWjA5aU55b0dTTmRXYk5sR1VwNVVjMlJtZTFnSGFvaFVlYVpYUUNsR2VRTlhTVmxuYlY1bU5SMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://image3.mouthshut.com/images/imagesp/925740365s.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [061] &Picture
http://?MVZIVG9Kak5qcFdlUzlpTTNsRGM0NVdSM0FUVHBsbmJtQnpWeHhHTll0MGNDTmxiMFpsUjB3bWFvSldNeXBsYXVwbWMxbFZiVlZGYnFSRFR3dFdPeTVVUjRWR2JHVkhiczkwWTQwR2RoNVVjeEpGUnZwWFIwY2tNdzFXZTFFVVpEcDJiV3BsTUVwSFdybGxZM1YyYjVzV1pLRjNZaE5GYTBGVVR6WVZTMWxETTN0bWFSbDNLMVFFU1VCamU2TlZRUHRFYnhoRU9oRldjRGxuWTBaemJUdGlkYUpWZFNwM0t6Um1hMFZYWlRKSFNxUnpkWHhVY3ZoSE81Z0dlNnBWWWg5U2RtMUdhRDVtTTVWM2R2dEVSNVUxUjBWbmVFTmpXeU5YYnhWbFYzQkRlVEpqTUo5VVN1cFhkdFpFU2psMllaSlRlVDlXY0xSVU1uMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://asset.ctv.ca/image-service/version/c:YTgyOTU0ODctNWJiNy00:N2YwZGJj/image.png" group-title="DISH TV", [062] MTV
http://?b0oxZHdOVGE2bEhhMDVXTjVGMWFMeFVkanhrVXhkM05TMTJkd3RtVVlsVmVabEVjNnhHVHpsRVN1aFZPNVFGV0VOWFlxUlVZMmdVYTVBRlM2TmxWNUJWVndORGVReFdVMHNrWnZKMWJZdEVjd3drV3RkbFE1UlVWRnQyYmloVU82NTBhNHRtVHlRWFE0ZEdldGRWVVh4bVExTTBLdnBYY2hKblptWkZleDkyWTFaWFZMZDNVejFVUnpBamJySlZXUE4wU3dSMVE0RkRXSmRXVHpva1FPOUdiVkJ6UlVsbVU0eDBkRHRpYlFWSFJ2Z1RUQ1JVYzJVRk9MUjNOdkZqV2o1MlNObEdNWVJUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://akamaividz2.zee5.com/image/upload/w_368,h_207,c_scale,f_auto,q_auto/resources/0-9-zeeclassic/channel_list/09zeeclassiczeebollywood.png" group-title="DISH TV", [063] Zee Bolywood
http://?PUFuVTNCM01wcFhkb1JuYjFrWFV2dEVUMU5HVFM1MmQzSWxkWlprZDZwM2F6aFhjM3hHTWpGa2RFZG5laFJqVm5oVGRFNTBjMWNVVnlsblVwSmtTMEpuWjFCMUtCRmxiWjVXYnRCVFJ1TkRTd3AxVnlRblFPSldNM1VFZTRNMFR3a0hOelpXVlBWbVpzWjNkd1FYTjRBSGFIRkRlU2hFVXlsWGV4UTFUdFZYVU9sM1QwY3phd1JWV2lKWFNzQm5aeWd6U1hsbWQwa1ZVc3RDYlRGM1VtbFVOcGRWWjVRVVRraDJkMVZrZFB4bWIxcG5jNDlpZXNWMGN4b0ZUTjlHUlhwRlJ3VUVkSFJFZGxsRFIwVldSNFVFTlpaM2R3SWpRd2hHZTFnaldKTlRj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://exchange4media.gumlet.io/news-photo/98204-xplore.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [064] &xplor
http://?blZIVG9Kak5qUlhlUzlpTTNsVGE0NVdSM0FUVHhsbmJtQnpWeGxHTll0MGNDTmxjMFpsUjB3bWFuSldNeXBsYXVobmMxbFZiVlZGYnFSRFR3dFdPdzVVUjRWR2JHOUdiczkwWTQwMmFoNVVjeEpGUnpwWFIwY2tNd0ZYZTFFVVpEcEdhV1oxU3BWRU5uVlVXMU1uVnhSWGNSRjFLUDFHYlpGMFpxSkRNeDlpVTQwV2FocFhTdkExWnVKSGN6UUdNQnRpVnFwbFNVZDNRMWRYTjVCekt4VkhlMTVrWXlFelF2eFdkNGsyWWpsR05yNEdNVU5EZFpoRGN5SkhVbjFrTXhSMUtpWjNNeVFVV3ZNSGVRRjJTU1pYVXB4V1ZYcG5XeGttY3hJbVNKSjNieVUzVnlnVFd3eEVWWUIxU2k5Mk53VWxTVDFHZTBSM1FSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.zee.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/zee_action.png" group-title="DISH TV", [065] Zee Action
http://?dFZIVG9Kak5qZFdlUzlpTTNsRGM0NVdSM0FUVDBsbmJtQnpWeDFHTll0MGNDTmxjMFpsUjB3bWE1SldNeXBsYXVCbmMxbFZiVlZsZHFSRFR3dFdPbzVVUjRWR2JHRkhiczkwWTQwV2RoNVVjeEpGUnhwWFIwY2tNd3BXZTFFVVpEcEdhV0oyUjNZbWFwRmpkUWRtWVlkV1RROVNhRUYxYjJrelNSdFdNengyUk45Mk5PWjNTaVZHTkZKbWF6WURacGRtY3dOMFRhSm1WejhXY3NkVU9DMVVlWGhqTXJoa2QweDJRWjlXT0Zablp2SjFMekpWZDFGVFYwMFVZeFJWTjJ4V1NLTlhNM2xWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.adgully.com/img/800/202002/zee-biskope.jpeg" group-title="DISH TV", [066] Zee Biskope
http://?dFZIVG9Kak5qVlhlUzlpTTNselo0NVdSM0FUVHVsbmJtQnpWeEJITll0MGNDTjFjMFpsUjB3bWF4SldNeXBsYXU5bWMxbFZiVlYxY3FSRFR3dFdPcjVVUjRWR2JHQkhiczkwWTQwR2NoNVVjeEpGUnNwWFIwY2tNd1JYZTFFVVpEcFdiV1JXTXVObFMzbGtUNVFIYjVsV1RXaGtXc0oxYndSWE40Y2tUb1p6Y0lsak1TOUdaemR6S05oa2VVbFZZWHRrVjVWSFpIZGpaM01IYTNNbllYMTJkMEoyWTFNMmFvTkdSMlJXWnpnM1Z1bEVUbnRVZFVaWFJ3UmpXbkpIVjUxVVNGeG1iS0JUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.adgully.com/img/400x300/201901/zee-anmol.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [067] Zee Anmol
http://?NlZIVG9Kak5qZFdlUzlpTTNsRGU0NVdSM0FUVHlsbmJtQnpWeDVHTll0MGNDTlZiMFpsUjB3bWF4SldNeXBsYXVabmMxbFZiVlZGZXFSRFR3dFdPcjVVUjRWR2JHTkhiczkwWTQwMmRoNVVjeEpGUnNwWFIwY2tNd1pYZTFFVVpEcEdlV0YyVERoVU93VjNjeXBYVngxV1UzQlhVc0JYZHlKVWR6ZGtkdHRXUnROek5ZUlhTME5rZEZ0a2MxaGxUekVqY3UxME12d21VWFpuVzRwRk94OGtjVlJYWjVZVmFzeDJZbGRXYTVJSFZvRmxRUkZrYXdCRGEyUkVicXhtVE9oemJoeFdkVEZqWkZCbGJXZEVaMzBVTjRCWE1xUjNZd1VIT3JrV2JTWlRlNW8wUVhwa1JySm1ZSFZGU3BsM1J4WnpVdU5EY0hsMFRuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.zee.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/04/Zee-Anmol-Cinema.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [068] Zee Anmol Cinema
http://?MFZIVG9Kak5qNVdlUzlpTTNsamM0NVdSM0FUVHRsbmJtQnpWeGhITll0MGNDTmxhMFpsUjB3bWE2SldNeXBsYXVCbmMxbFZiVlZsYnFSRFR3dFdPNDVVUjRWR2JHMUdiczkwWTQwV2NoNVVjeEpGUjNwWFIwY2tNd0ZYZTFFVVpEcDJaV04yU2FKMVF1TmtZSFZYVE45R1d6bzNRWnBHYU85U2RFSjBWeVozYUpSVU1paFhkWVZWZEpSbGRGUkhVM3AyZHdOR2JrWkRPVzVtYndVbk41UVdib3RtZXJkbFJvTnpjRHRtTkhCSFNraERVdEZVY3JnV1NKTnpWeVJXZXVWV1JybzJhTjlXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.zee.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/zee_cafe_hd.png" group-title="DISH TV", [069] Zee Cafe
http://?eVZIVG9Kak5qSlhlUzlpTTNsemQ0NVdSM0FUVDFsbmJtQnpWeGhHTll0MGNDTlZiMFpsUjB3bWFvSldNeXBsYXVWbmMxbFZiVlZWY3FSRFR3dFdPdDVVUjRWR2JHRkhiczkwWTQwR2VoNVVjeEpGUm9wWFIwY2tNd05YZTFFVVpEcDJhV1JsVXpaMlR2MVdlaE4zTVZOblVwWjJOWVpuZHFWSFdycEdPMlIxZGt4RU1waEhOVXRXWXhGRmNubDBVRGRYVjN4a2NCVldRelZuZUtkWE1ETnphRFJIYXRwRlN4aFRkNTRXY0w5bVp6SkRVUDlrZFN0bWR3Tldjc1ZUZHRsVlJMZFdaUWRYUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://english.cdn.zeenews.com/sites/default/files/2019/05/22/788840-zee-classic.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [070] Zee Classic
http://?cFZIVG9Kak5qaFhlUzlpTTNsamM0NVdSM0FUVDBsbmJtQnpWeE5ITll0MGNDTmxiMFpsUjB3bWE0SldNeXBsYXVkbWMxbFZiVlZGZHFSRFR3dFdPNjVVUjRWR2JHeEdiczkwWTQwMlpoNVVjeEpGUjVwWFIwY2tNd3BXZTFFVVpEcEdlV0ZtVENWalIyaGxVQ2RVTktwM2FhaFVXeDBFZDVkbWRyQWpUczVHTzBVSE1MUm5ZRlpqTnpkVmR6SlhNamRYUXpOMWNRTjNaTVpYT2xORFozWVZlWE5FU0NGMFNxdDJLU2RWT2tabmJwZFROdmRrY2paa2JUQlRhc1JYTmFGMGFGbFdSU1ZUUjVoRWU2eG1jNDRHZHFaWFV4WTJTcEozUm5sbWRwZDNkb0pFYk10aWU0aFdTQ3BIVXdNSE1DSlZZV0JEZDE1MlkzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.zee.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/12/Zee-Cinemalu-HD-logo11.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [071] Zee Cinemalu
http://?PUFYZE1obU0yTTJhNUoxTHljWE8waG5iRmRETU5KWGV1WkdNWEZIYzBnMVN6SjBVclJuVkdSRGJxbG1ZeEluV3E1Mlp5VlhXdFZWVm5wR05NQjNhNThtVEZoWFpzWmthc3gyVGpoVGI0Rm1UeEZuVUVkbmVGUnpSeUFuZDVWVFFsTmthc1pWWlpkVVd3Wm5lME4yTG5WV2VwZEVhSUowSzBkSGNwZFdSdUpITXNWMlZKaFdjeFpIT25SV1kwbEVUaHRFZGo5bWRtTmpVQ2RVZTB3MmFydFdPd0pETnZjWGNrNW1VWmR6U3BKVmMxd0ViVEpHT3VKRk4wVm1lT0ZYVllGV2NRWlhiUjlrTlQxa1V4VlhiUFpuY1NwM1Y2ZFdTWkpWYjFnRFpKbERk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.zee.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/zee_etc_bollywood.png" group-title="DISH TV", [072] Zee Etc Bollywood
http://?NVZIVG9Kak5qaFdlUzlpTTNsemE0NVdSM0FUVHRsbmJtQnpWeGRITll0MGNDTlZiMFpsUjB3bWFzSldNeXBsYXVCbmMxbFZiVlYxZHFSRFR3dFdPcDVVUjRWR2JHRkhiczkwWTQwMlpoNVVjeEpGUnJwWFIwY2tNd3hXZTFFVVpEcEdkV0YxYTBoV1l4VkhPMW9XVEJsWFlyOXlhRHRtY0xobmRxcEhOdGhYWW5OV2M0d21hWjVrYjNVWGVzTlVaeXAwTnRsM1JZWkhiQ3hXWXNKbWN0bDBaNDhrVzBjRGJyeDBhM0VYV1pwV1czSm1kSTl5Y0l4V1RGZEhkNFYzZDBRbWN5ODJaTVZWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.nicepng.com/png/detail/5-54845_star-plus-star-plus-logo-png.png" group-title="DISH TV", [073] Star Plus
http://?cWRrV3lFVU5ZbFdURlpWYmg5aWV6MFdaSVJIWnlaWFJsUldXU2wyUVBaRVp0MUdjNUZEVDJGVmV2bEZhTFJuVk1GblRCZFhZTHAzYzJKbGFUSmtRb1pVVnhrblRZTm5UNWxsWWpWSGRNVmtZU2hVVHlOMlZDSlRTdnNHYXlVbmRScG1hVVozTmtkMEtuZGtSNjl5YUloV1d6RTNkM1FHYnhSRVROcDBadVoyVnpoWFp0RjNjbFpuYW01MGI1RTNjSDFtVHNaVVM=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvchannelpricelist.com/wp-content/uploads/channels-logo-300/sony-sab-hd-logo-300x300.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [074] Sony Sab
http://?dGRrV3lFVU5ZVlhURlpWYmg5Q2N6MFdaSVJIWjNaWFJsRjFOTGxuYkhabmRybDFkdzFHT3ZaWFN6aFRSelIyYlhwblptcDNSekZ6Y2p0aWF5c1VObkZVUzZCellEVkhiUkZFYzBnRmRWbEhOWGhXTzE1R1Z0SjFaSHBXVG9aalQzc2llb2gzS1pGbVJ5SjFacTUwVU01R2RNSmtUNjlpY1VOVFNKRkZWdkpqV3Qxa2FoUlhST2hHVHlaV2RaNWtUa1JtVW5OME0=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.indiantelevision.com/sites/default/files/styles/smartcrop_800x800/public/images/tv-images/2015/04/13/sony.jpg?" group-title="DISH TV", [075] Sony Entertainment
http://?eGRrV3lFVU5ZUlhURlpWYmg5U2V6MFdaSVJIWnRaWFJsRjFOTDVtYkhabmRybEZkdzFHT3ZaWFN3aFRSelIyYlhoSFowWW5lbVZsY1N4R09PbGxVc0puYXk5MmFocFdkUVJsWTZwMGJVcFhRbE5VVjFsVVdGUjNTMzAyTlF4VWRQOUVjcUptUTJZMFN3SmpaclkzTndoV2NPSjJTNWtEZHhnbWFVSjFhb3BFVXJObGQ1RjNLUkZHV3R0bWUwRW1VWFJtYzNSMFE=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://songringtonedownload.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/Colors-Tv-Serial-ringtone.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [076] Colors Viacom
http://?MGRrV3lFVU5ZbFdURlpWYmg5aWN6MFdaSVJIWm9aWFJscEZVb2wzYjVrR2RuaGtld2sxY2haamE2NUdNMzVVUU5Gbk1hRlZjUEZFYjE4MlZFVlhhc2h6WjRrRE1NbEdiMTBtWTNZVmFQRmtjNUZXUjFGbllvSjFTVXgyYXc4MFZoVkRjdmNFTU85aVNzWkZWNkYzZHlZSGMxWkhVRFoyY0VGa1Exa1VQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.rapidtvnews.com/images/2019/Feb_2019/Colors_logo_-_26_February_2019.jpeg" group-title="DISH TV", [077] Colors Asia
http://?PWduVTNCM01wcEhlb1JuYjFrWFU2dEVUMU5HVFNwMmQzSVZieHhrZWxabGNLSjBWMGxIT1RObFJSbFdSa2RrVnh0a2NvcG5OajFFVG90RWUwd1VWM0FYTTJoRlZaeEVlRFJHV1hKV1V1cDFMdnRFYlZwWFNHcEZVVGh6YkxGMFIxOVNTcVJYWlpGbmNadFdhckYxU0o5RWE0cEdTSEJYYm9GVVFycFVacmtYTzFwVVlyRWthMW9FTjRWV2QzeG1NMUZFVkgxR2IwcG1aMnNHZGxaVFFUbDNOMFYxS3FSMFZpaDJRU3gyS1o1RWVDOVdVc2RYU3gxVVl3bDNOTXAzVTN0VVF5RW1kcTFtVTNoRU1wWlhXWVpWVG10bVZVaFZiaTFrYVE5a1p1aDJN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/s8IBAPVHazB.png" group-title="DISH TV", [078] Sony Six
http://?MEoxZHdOVGE2bEdhMDVXTjVGbGVMeFVkanhrVTZkM05TQjNScm9XTzNKM1FrRlhlcVZuVDJFMVIyRm5kMlZsZVlsR1JXdFNlVzVXYVl0V05ZeGtWMVJsWk1sVlJOZEdVRmRHYzJsRmIwVTNheUpHVHFWMFlzbERWenNtZU9SRGQwTlRiREpGVGlsRVV4TjFNVHAwUnoxR1owSVZUM2duYUxWM0w1WUZUNHBWZDVNMGN6NG1jcmMzS3l0V2N5MEdXWUJUZXc1V1JrWmpWVE5uVGxCMUxKVjFjMmdWYjE4MGRwSkZadk1rZFBkV1FYTkZjeVZtZDVaMVRaUjBVcFJHU1BwbFR3a21UQ2xVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/sd/Rhmi59G3O4D.png" group-title="DISH TV", [079] Sony Ten1
http://?PW9tVTNCM01wcDNhb1JuYjFrWFUydEVUMU5HVFN0MmQzSWxhNmRIZWlOMWJYWlhNcVpFT3g5RVYxTm5ieEVXT0taMGJLWlZaVnBrTXpkemNLZDJTVEIzWlU5RVdIbERhSzUwTHBKbFozRmpWb3BIUjNjWFkzbzBhMVZrYXZVMFU0SUVTMlJWUXdNVmNSaDJVRmhtVlB0MmROVmphWEJWV3VObU16cDJMdVZITVdkMVMwWlZlelVVVHZKbU0zaDFiNVYyUmlKWFo2WmpUcjkyZFROMWNZRm5kMXRrU0VsVlowZ25VdTUwUXN4a2QzWUVUV0pGWjNsR2J3TjFWWEZIV1hSa05FSm1leHR5YndFRVNuVmtjTGgwTm1OSFN2aFVXVTkwYTQwV1cxRlZU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/landscape/27bE6UrXVzf.png" group-title="DISH TV", [080] Sony Ten2
http://?PWduVTNCM01wcDNib1JuYjFrWFV6dEVUMU5HVFNWM2QzSUZjSHR5WjVjbmNEUldjcXBXZE9aVFVIaFdjMlpYVjZoMWFDWkVXNmRXWm9aWFp1Rm5OS04zWndabFJ1ZG5kMnRHTU5kMFQ1RkhPRFJqYjNrM0wyZFVleTFrYTJwMmJtWmxhcVZUZHNsbldPNW1TNUkyUzJZemNsQkZjNnRpUTRGWFJtRlZObVpIWkdOelNQbGxjYU5IWmtoRVM2cEVaQ2hWZXpvM2NzaGpjWWRWY2sxR2RoaFVTdFpWVzQwbVNRSjNMRVpuWVlkemR5a25ld0JGYjNGamVPaFdNMTltZDN3VVEyWXpaNHNDZDRwM05zMWtVd2MzY3pwM0wxWmxjeU1uZGtSbldCaEdO
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://logodix.com/logo/947778.png" group-title="DISH TV", [081] Star Sports 1
http://?dWRrV3lFVU5ZSlhURlpWYmg5aWJ6MFdaSVJIWm5aWFJsUldXU0YzUVBaRVp0MW1jNUZEVDJGVmV0bEZhTFJuVk1GSFVSWm5kMkVsZElWMmNoRjJONmRXVTM1bVRVZFdlNE1rU09KemFwWkdkUVJGVTRKVFNNZFdXckpITktObE0yeG1leDAwYjFKV1YxNTBRNlJ6Y1RGM1JVSlVlT2xFZEhWa2RWVmxTNFZEY1RGVGV5QlhNeGxVZXZjVWN5RUdjaHBFTnVGRmI=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://logodix.com/logo/947782.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [082] Star Sports 2
http://?dmRrV3lFVU5ZaFdURlpWYmg5U2R6MFdaSVJIWm5aWFJsUldXU2QyUVBaRVp0MTJiNUZEVDJGVmVwbEZhTFJuVk1wbVR4TW5ZMGhHZTJvbFZFRmxkeWxuWm9OV1NHQjNLUDFHU3ljbmN4QlhjV1IzYXhOa1EzUjJOTHAyTGt0eWNJRm5lakpGUlVSbFIxZEdNcGxsWUR4V2MzZDNhYVJrYllSV2IwSjNic1pqUzQ4a01pMTJjM05uWnJrV2FESjNWT05tTTJaRlc=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://logodix.com/logo/947786.png" group-title="DISH TV", [083] Star Sports 3
http://?dmRrV3lFVU5ZcFhURlpWYmg5eVp6MFdaSVJIWnRaWFJsUldXUzkyUVBaRVp0MTJhNUZEVDJGVmVybEZhTFJuVk1CblR4TW5ZMGgyYTJvbFZFRmxkbmxuWm9OV1NHRjNLUDFHU3ljM2R4QlhjV1IzYXpOa1EzUjJOTGQyTGt0eWNJRjNkakpGUlVSbFJwZEdNcGxsWURGWGMzZDNhYVJVZVlSV2IwSjNieFpqUzQ4a01pWjNjM05uWnJrR2FESjNWT05tTXRaRlc=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://aimages.willow.tv/willowhd_h40px.png" group-title="DISH TV", [084] Willow
http://?NGRrV3lFVU5ZMVdURlpWYmg5U2F6MFdaSVJIWnVaWFJsRjFOTFZuYkhabmRybGxjdzFHT3ZaWFN4aFRSelIyYlhsR1p5UTJZUjlDYjNBWFdyVnphcWQwS205V09IWjNZSkoxWTVBbGNuRkRkQnBWYzFWWFF2d1VlUlpITkVKemNEZFhkc0ZUYlRsSGNvOTBjNmhEVG9CblZIUlZUM0J6ZHAxR1o2VmpTNnAzTVZOWFRCRkhkM05uZDRSa2JNaDBac2xWWW5CM0s=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://assets.beinsports.com/3.2.8/images/logo-locator.png" group-title="DISH TV", [085] Bein USA
http://?NGRrV3lFVU5ZRlhURlpWYmg5U2F6MFdaSVJIWnRaWFJsRjFOTHhtYkhabmRybDFadzFHT3ZaWFMyaFRSelIyYlhWWFoxYzBWMlFWY3hwRVI1cG1ZdXRHVXljMFNyc1dPcHBrTWFGMGI0NUdXaTltVm81RVNpVjFVdDUyVUpaRlM2bFdkRTFtZHVSWFQ0RjFjdWx6ZHlnV09CUm1XbmwyYnYxVVk1VTBieWRGV3JNME1RdEdPekJuTmF0eWROZFRWTGhWZHVCMVU=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/4/49/BeinSport1.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [086] Bein Sports 1
http://?NGRrV3lFVU5ZZFhURlpWYmg5aWJ6MFdaSVJIWjBaWFJsRjFOTEpuYkhabmRybDFjdzFHT3ZaWFN4aFRSelIyYlhwSFpFNUVlenRFZHpFWGVuUkhkNlZWU3pvM1NDRm5OUlJrY21ka2QwUjNUa2QwUXRSVlIxTmtRcGgzVncxVVo0WW1lNFpqVnJoWFRwRmtNeDBVT3U5bWJXRlRjcE5HZTNVbk5DcFZPMkZXWTI5U1dMQlhVdmNqV0lCbGQza2tTNUJETjVoMlU=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d24j9r7lck9cin.cloudfront.net/l/f/6/6594.1491352241.png" group-title="DISH TV", [087] Bein Sports 2
http://?dGRrV3lFVU5ZVlhURlpWYmg5Q2F6MFdaSVJIWnhaWFJsRjFOTEpuYkhabmRybGxjdzFHT3ZaWFNuaFRSelIyYlh4R1pxVkhNWXRTZXdkVFpQUlVSeGhGYjJsa1QwRUhiMk1qZDJ3VWNyQlRlM2cwWTRCemRUSmpWRzUyUU9wbVp4cEZkSzEyWXU5eVM2aG1kdjVHWnZNSFR3a2xRTHhXYkJGWFJXMUdaNU5HZVBSVVRobDNSUWxGVjFsVWNTZDBZMk5EV3Nka1E=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bein.com/mena/wp-content/uploads/sites/3/2020/06/HD3-1.png" group-title="DISH TV", [088] Bein Sports 3
http://?b2RrV3lFVU5ZZFhURlpWYmg5U2R6MFdaSVJIWnJaWFJsRjFOTE5uYkhabmRybEZkdzFHT3ZaWFNuaFRSelIyYlgxR1pyZ1ZhMmQzWm9WSE1KRkVWdmxHUjVwR2UyWjNRSHAxUU01VWRFSjNiVlZXYnNsWE13bHpMdngyVmw5aWF2QXpkU0IxVHlNVVc2bEZjTlJqZTFkWFZ5Sm1iMnQyWm4xR2E1WUdkdVpYVHdvbmNpTkhlRlZFUkVKamVoRkZSMmRVT3RSV1k=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://w7.pngwing.com/pngs/288/60/png-transparent-bangladesh-bengali-discovery-channel-television-channel-bangla-television-blue-text-thumbnail.png" group-title="DISH TV", [089] Discovery bangla
http://?c2RrV3lFVU5ZcFdURlpWYmg5aWR6MFdaSVJIWnhaWFJsRjFOTHBuYkhabmRybFZjdzFHT3ZaWFNzaFRSelIyYlhoMlk1c0NaNWtWZDFkRE9DVlhld2xGWkhKVWNhMW1VcGxVVFZkVGV3ZEdlekVVZXRwSFo0b0haRmwzYmhkMlJyb0hiMDVXUjRrRFd5VlhXeDh5Y0pCSGROWnpUMFJqY2laRVd2Z2tWeWRsVmlOalRwcDJLR1ptYlFKa2EzSm1iR3BrV3psVWE=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://deadline.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/disney-channel-logo-3.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [090] Disney
http://?cWRrV3lFVU5ZSlhURlpWYmg5aWV6MFdaSVJIWm5aWFJsRjFOTGRuYkhabmRybDFhdzFHT3ZaWFNxaFRSelIyYlhwbVoxTlRPTXRDZU5sbVdxeEdTMjlFUk9wMVVNeFdZNFVYY3hCWGI1a1VlTlJHU3NkWE15cEhhekkzWmpGWFZZRjBkMDkyWlU5aVJ6OW1Na1IxWjZGblJRMTBNTk5rZUdsbVMxVWxRcnBHYTNBbFpRcG5iejlFVHVobGFKTkZkaFpVTnNsVk0=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.anbmedia.com/wp/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/nick-1024x780.png" group-title="DISH TV", [091] Nick
http://?MGRrV3lFVU5ZUlhURlpWYmg5Q2V6MFdaSVJIWjRaWFJscEZVbzEyYjVrR2RuaEVkd2sxY2haamE1NUdNMzVVUU5OSE13OVNPUkZWZEZWVlV3OTJiMTlHYmxSVVYxRTNNd0UwTTJVVmFCbDNaTmhqWnlaVFNxcFVNbVZYZEdkVVJFUkRjeGgyYURGRFRydENaQk5uUzFNWFVKUjFaVXRtYXAxMlQyRVVQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/hbo-max/images/5/5c/CartoonNetworkLogo.png" group-title="DISH TV", [092] Cartoon network
http://?M2RrV3lFVU5ZdFdURlpWYmg5eWR6MFdaSVJIWjVaWFJsUldXU1IzUVBaRVp0MW1jNUZEVDJGVmU2bEZhTFJuVk1KSFUzbG5VdzBXYjJKRk1TVm5OcEpXT1B0MGM1ZFhPc3AxYlBkRWJCcEhkTGwyYXJaak56UWxkWTltZTR3V2FzRmphdnBtZUtsbGR1RldiQ2hHTzRnM1RHWm1Wem9tY2xkell2dDBNd3AzVXhRR1RTcG5TSzFrV1Q5MmJ5aDBUM0lWYjVOa1k=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://img.favpng.com/12/24/7/logo-national-geographic-society-television-channel-png-favpng-Xe96mVV1q8adDe1BDELV7e86F.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [093] National Geography
http://?bmRrV3lFVU5ZOVdURlpWYmg5eWJ6MFdaSVJIWnlaWFJscEZVbzEyYjVrR2RuaEVkd2sxY2haamFyNUdNMzVVUU5sMk0zVWtTSEZHYkdGa2U1cFhkeTUyVkpGalJhbFdaMDQwVUpaRmMzTURPTkpsY3ZCamFyZzFZeUVuY3AxV1F6c0NicjkwTTBCektxeEdPcGgwWTRjWGRVbDJNd1lWZVg1VU9xVlZQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://centaur-wp.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/designweek/prod/content/uploads/2018/10/25115647/AnimalPlanet_Vertical_OneLineLarge_RGB-002.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [094] Animal planet
http://?bmRrV3lFVU5ZZFdURlpWYmg5U2F6MFdaSVJIWnFaWFJscEZVbzEyYjVrR2RuaDBjd2sxY2haamF1NUdNMzVVUU5GM00zVWtTSEZHZEdGa2U1cFhkbjUyVkpGalJhcFhaMDQwVUpaVmQzTURPTkpsY29CamFyZzFZeUluY3AxV1F6c0NlcjkwTTBCekt3eEdPcGgwWTRJWGRVbDJNd1lWZVg1VU9xVlZQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/cc/8d/64/cc8d647809e43dc42d85ddf95bbfe967.png" group-title="DISH TV", [095] Nat geo Wild
http://?MmRrV3lFVU5ZRlhURlpWYmg5U2N6MFdaSVJIWjBaWFJsUldXU3AzUVBaRVp0MTJjNUZEVDJGVmV2bEZhTFJuVk05V1RpSmxjMllEYnpOWFFGTldjdDlFZXp3V2RGZEdhSFJFWkY1VWJXUjJheHBYVTZCWGNUdGtjbUpuVFlkVU9yRkZka3BFVWpGak0xZG5SNDlpVExCWFFTUlhVMjRXYVlkVFdFOWtkNnBVTW5OM2EyeG1Vc05EVDBsemJWaGxTNElXZHlka1Q=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://kccl.tv/sites/default/files/BBC%20HD.png" group-title="DISH TV", [096] Sony BBC Earth
http://?d2RrV3lFVU5ZSlhURlpWYmg5Q2F6MFdaSVJIWm5aWFJsRjFOTDFtYkhabmRybFZkdzFHT3ZaWFN0aFRSelIyYlhWSFpZbFhXSE5VZXpnbk13bG1aekIzTXRSMkxwQm5XdzBFWjA1bWFDVlVhNU1rZXJkRlpsUkZkNXNtTlNWblpPRm1jVFJsTUNsbVJ2VjFLM0Z6VXVaWGVLeDBTNXhXYXdOV1NqMWtjeWRIVE9Ka2EzZ0dXRWQxVTFvRmFhWkZiTWRuWXFOVlM=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://banner2.cleanpng.com/20180516/xzq/kisspng-tlc-life-entertainment-television-show-5afcb32836d6f2.7693994015265103762246.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [097] TLC
http://?d2RrV3lFVU5ZOVdURlpWYmg5aWJ6MFdaSVJIWjNaWFJscEZVb1IzYjVrR2RuaGthd2sxY2haamF1NUdNMzVVUU45V012eFdPWkZHZE5WalpEVjFRbmxuVnZNV09hNVdlaHhVUlhwV2NEVkRjRWxYVHB4V1dtMVVWUk5YVHJFa1dwSlhkc3BIZHZnblc0SkVVRUIxYnhwV1pYTldaeVlYZXZWMlVWTldQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://kccl.tv/sites/default/files/star%20sports%20select%201%20hd.png" group-title="DISH TV", [098] Star Sports Select 1
http://?cWRrV3lFVU5ZSlhURlpWYmg5Q2N6MFdaSVJIWjJaWFJsUldXU1ozUVBaRVp0MUdlNUZEVDJGVmV3bEZhTFJuVk1aWFQ0dHlMd2xEY3lzQ2U1UW1kc0psWnZvWGFWbFdTbk4yTXhOSGVubFdjSHhrYXFabVlsbERVMUpuZFRKRVpJTjJackkzWlhkVWV3TlhSanBVT1Q5R1RQMUVPaEJEYXc5V2M0TmxlMjVtWUpGRmVOdDJaM01UVHl4RWVPVkRTTEZsYjRSblo=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.dialog.lk/dialogdocroot/content/images/channel-highlights/sss-hd2-large.png" group-title="DISH TV", [099] Star Sports Select 2
http://?MmRrV3lFVU5ZZFdURlpWYmg5Q2V6MFdaSVJIWjNaWFJsUldXU0YzUVBaRVp0MVdhNUZEVDJGVmVzbEZhTFJuVk1WM1RobFRXUUpEZXZNalpYeG1kc2wxYWxObmEyaG5SeVJqVkUxMFo1QUZjd0ZVYzZkek1FNVVNeVpIY0NSelNLVlRkWU5qU1NkRWV1ZDBiamxIVkpsSFp6Sm5STXBuZFJSMFVKUmpNck5IV1Q5bVd3Y1haTnBWVVVwVWR2c21iUXBrVzZCRGI=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.trunqd.com/uploadimages/postimages/vsuo98by.jpg" group-title="OP LIVE", [100] Sky Sports Cricket
http://?emRrV3lFVU5ZaFhURlpWYmg5aWJ6MFdaSVJIWm5aWFJsUldXU1IzUVBaRVp0MVdhNUZEVDJGVmVubEZhTFJuVk14V1Q0dHlMd2xEZXlzQ2U1UW1kdkpsWnZvWGFWVlhTbk4yTXhOWGJubFdjSHhrYXNabVlsbERVMWxtZFRKRVpJTm1jckkzWlhkVWVyTlhSanBVT1RWSFRQMUVPaEJ6Ync5V2M0TmxlcjVtWUpGRmVOWjNaM01UVHl4a2NPVkRTTEZsYjFSblo=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bioscopelive.com/upload/channels/landscape/99ZKMd4mWYM.png" group-title="DISH TV", [101] BTV World
http://?PXNtVTNCM01wcDNhb1JuYjFrWFVvdEVUMU5HVFM1MmQzSTFjMlF6YndnMFV1dFdkc3R5TWlWRFRtcDNjRjEyTkZsV2F3RWxZamxuVTFsVGRQcDJTUlYzTnRSblMyUWtiSmRrUXNaRk5wcG1TcmtrUUpsWFVQZG1XcVJXZXpBVlNoZFhZd1ozTkJGRGNIQm5kcWRXVVYxR2RCSkVicVowUnJwMlJ3QTNLVkpuUzNRVFNxWlZhNUJIZTVvVlMyRnpOb2hWZUlKbllrRm5ZV2xrZUxOR2R3Wm1NNUZsWXpjWGNYZEdNdmtqU3ZjbmJhTkRWd1lYVXJseloyTldlaWRuV0taR2VUZDFhWFJuTVJoR1YxeFVPWFJWTTFzV1NMcEhORVJtY2psMEx6VW5Z
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.radioandmusic.com/sites/www.radioandmusic.com/files/styles/490x490/public/images/biz/2018/11/02/beats-mtv.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [102] MTV Beats
http://?M2RrV3lFVU5ZbFdURlpWYmg5U2J6MFdaSVJIWnJaWFJscEZVb3AzYjVrR2RuaEVhd2sxY2haamFyNUdNMzVVUU45bU0yZFdXbzFHZHhSV1l2ZFZSekptZHkwbVYyWUhUMUJ6S0VSRGRVTkdiQ2hVTXlGalRWdENWM1JIVTBFbFlVUmxlUmR6WVVaSGM2VjFSWXRXTnc4R2N2eFdUeXBYY1Z4R2RFUlRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.adgully.com/img/800/201910/flix-logo_2.png.jpg" group-title="DISH TV", [103] &Flix
http://?eVZIVG9Kak5qOVdlUzlpTTNsVGQ0NVdSM0FUVG9sbmJtQnpWeEZITll0MGNDTkZiMFpsUjB3bWF3SldNeXBsYXVKbmMxbFZiVlZGYnFSRFR3dFdPdDVVUjRWR2JHcEdiczkwWTQwbWJoNVVjeEpGUnpwWFIwY2tNd1pYZTFFVVpEcDJkV1JWYXBoWFE2WkVNNUJsYks5MllRUmtOeDFHZXlCbFRTcG5VMXhHZDFRVmFWaFdjRlJGV09WM2JtZDFOMkVHT3Q5VVJHOVVXTlpYZHpjRWJPOUdkcUYzUjJFSE90bGxTd1EwTWlWM1Ezc2lXcVpWYU5sRGRhdEVjbmQxTHNKblZPRjNLMFZWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", 24 tass
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", 9x jalwa
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", 9xm
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", aaj tak uk
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", aapka colors usa hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", aastha bhajan
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", abc
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", abp news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", adithya tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", al jazeera english
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", amc
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", amrita
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", and pictures hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", and tv  hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", animal planet
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", ary news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", asianet movies
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", asianet news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", asianet plus malayalam
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", asianettv hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", b4u movies uk
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", b4u music uk
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", baby tv
http://?PWdIZG9WRmNtRkhjdGhGTlZaemNuUkRObU5WYUVOWFphZFVUdWRUYUtaVFMxTWtNNVozTW9CWFdtZEdOS1IwYjYxa2FVNUVUUEowZHdOemNPVm1WUjVtYjNrR2RxUkZhb2xGVW9oWFMxNVVZMkoyYVZkblIyVTBTUk5HZUNobFVNOTBieUprUkM5eVFwUkhSaXBXYlNSemNSQlZVSXRTYjFaVFdSSmpUcXBHTjFnamJ6Y2xkTHRVWjNnbFd1dEdlVFZUZW0xR1V0aGtkUVJXYTJjMFlXWmpONEozWnJFbGNLaG1kSFJEYjFCbmV2TkRVclFuWjZwSGVNUlZhVGRITnpvV1p1UkVlc04zVHVsbU56aG5Td2xUYnpSSGE1Wm1Vd01YYVlOR09zbGxUdWRYTzUxRVRNQjNWbVpWYzVrSGVhaEhSTmRHVHlwMGFraDFSaDFtTTJFM2IzWURjWWRIUjRKVGF2OW1lWVJuZVp4bVNpdENSVlIzWjRNRWMzUTJSdEZXZUVoWE8zNW1XMWdqVDJabWIyc0NkRWgwWjFoa1RqMTJMeEZuWnprRVRwVlZiMWRUWTNVblUwQlZUWlpqYW50MlFUSlRlcEJGZERaMVl0QnpRd2RqYTQ0VVFwQlhhTzEwTExsMVpVUjJkUWhWZHpkMVoxRTJZUXgyVklsbmQ1ZDNkQjVrUnlVVE0yZGpNRUZEZU1kMllGaG5leDRtYWtaV1dWSjBZMEpXY05Wa1RtUlhadkVFZDFRWGUyY0VXQkpuVnZKVE0zZ1ZNRFpIVjVsMU5LSjBaanBVWnZrMU42SlhTMm8wYzVrM1R4VUhTSkJIYlJCWE5zUkhOdzlVZXZ0VVdqSm5WdlVXYjVNMGR6SVRXUHBYUTRGVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", baby tv hindi
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", bbc earth en hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", bbc news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", bbc one
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", bbc two
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", bhakti tv
http://?PVlIZG9WRmNtRkhkdGhGTlZaemN6UkRObU5WYUVWWFphZFVUdWRqZUtaVFMxTWtNdVozTW9CWFdtbEhOS1IwYjYxMGRSSkdhcGQzUnp4RVp1aEdOd0FuZXRaR1VCUlZkS1pFUnpRak4xaG5VclYzUnhSWFU2MWtjeXhtYzNNVWNtZEZWeEZWYVdSblREZDJVSGREV3pFMmIzd1dSM1pFUjQ5eVpYSkdiNjFHTmg5Q2FQMW1jcXBITkRsbVVyUm1haE5uZUs1V2NCVmpTSFptYW5aRk9FWm5id2xXTzRNMUs1UW5RWVZUUU5kMWIzZGtRM1kxWTBwR2VvTldaekFIVjRZbFFuTkRjVmhqVHdoMlV3MUVaTDVXWVBwSFZLZHpjMEJGYzNVWGVNbGtSc2xWUjBnRlN1TjNNUjVFZXlCRmN5QVRReTVrUzRoalMyNVVUNHQyVVFkRVZrWkRldGhrWTNsMGMwWjFjWEYxYVg1V08xQVhWckVqYXdsWFVSUldOeVZtTjBOblVQbDJWeWR6ZFo5MmNCbEdiR1JGWndCM2N2UWxVU0JIVkpCMVJ5TUhhRjlDYzA4VWRuWlVlMThFY3hoR05CdFNibXhFZGFabE5oOVdXMk5VVDFVMkxHVlhWR1JXVEdOWGNyUVROb1JVZHJOWFRqSkZjUXhHVXRsM2NaNW1hd0FqZDBJek01RmpWSXBuY3ljV1ZVRmtaNElWZGhCWFlwOUNTeDFtUVlkbFVIUjNVUVpqZFZWR2FEaDFMM0VETjR0MFZ3Y25NMk1uYXdoR1dya0hlczVFTlpsRFR3NTBTcU5YVjVsR2FobDBkek0wYjFRMWNRVjNaeTlXTlRaMk5XaFhabmxITURSM1pabFVXd1kyYjNWVlA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", bloomberg india
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", bollywood premier
http://?PW9IZG9WRmNtRm5idGhGTlZaemNxUkRObU5WYUVsV1phZFVUdWREZEtaVFMxTWtNcFozTW9CWFdtMUdOS1IwYjYxVWFSaDJScnNHU3dWVlU0UlVlMmMzS3hsbFlXbEZhSjlpTk9wMlY2UkRTQzlFYW1kV09uUkZiNVUzWlNwbVJZTjFVdEZsYlJwWE00WjNUMGN6YkVCVGRzZDBTNlpFWjVWVVEwMVdhd3QyTkpORlcydzJkWkpEY2xKalV6QkZVSDlHTnZoM1ptWjNZM3RVYnF0VVZMSjBTdkpsU0s5bWV6cEhOb2R6S3NSMWJ6NFVUc0JUY3k5MFFTWlhOWEIzWnlCWGVpaERiMXQyWllwbVdxTmxWdXhVYXFsV09taDFTeWwxY2FGRldVSm5iblJWV0ZSbGJxQlhZUGhUU3lFVWRscGtXT0owYnFaRFVJbFRTWngyUzJNblZHUlRlejhXT3ROMll3OUNSa3RTWmxkMkxUQmpha1YzY0RKRWM0WUZhNnBHTkN0bVIwY21XNlYxVmt4VWVpbFZNeHNTUzB0RVRySWtRVjVtVXBKVE8zeFViMVVuVURoMk56UjJNMkVUVmFobmNySVdaeHRtY0p0ME5zcDFhMXBHYjJWVVZaZDJZcWRITlVkVmEwY0ZUNWRuZTY5V1luSmpXM0VuZE1sM2RHVkRkVmhsZFBaRmQ0VlhjbjVHWkhaSFRpUm1lbGxqYTRBbFNFbG1WNTlFVm9wbFZFZG5VcE4yTTNaamVQcDJSVWRUZHVWRk16dENOdDEyVDBBbmQwa3padTlVUXQxR1ZzVkZXWkJ6WjVvV2FOTkZkd0kyWmxGbmFMNTBTcTVFVXh4bVU1b0dlNlYzVHlrRGFOZG5lSk5rYnlkV1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", bt espn hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", bt sport 1
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", bt sport 2
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", bt sport 3
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", canada one
http://?PU1IZG9WRmNtRlhldGhGTlZaemN5UkRObU5WYUVWWFphZFVUdWRUZUtaVFMxTWtNNVozTW9CWFdtbEhOS1IwYjYxa2NVRlRWbDUyTnJObWNDOUNadm9XVG5KSE94UTJhNU56ZDJZMmE1SkROVVYwYURGWFUzTUdTWlowWjFGblQwd21hb3RTTWxSemMybG1ZNVYxTnVKRGNqSjJiSGR6WnpsMU00VldlNVVIYnJBMU4xdzBaQ1pWZFM1VVJ2RkZWeE1GZXYwMlIxQTNjd0lXZUtwRlQ1TjJWd1pYVHI5RVduZDNkVk5uUzNoa2MzRlZjTGRHVjJobk5yTW5iRmRYV1M5RWV1RjNaM0YwYTZaelFwRjFNVE5WZG9oSFoycG5WT3BGYm9OVmN6dDJReU4wY2FOalYyZ1hhMGcxVm81V2F4WXpTUGQzWnVkelFvSm5UdndtY0V0R09TVjJaSU5FUzNRR2UxUlRWYVJuYm9WM2JHSm5TNFJEY0hsV1l3RUhSdlZqTm9aV1ozUm5NbFpEVTNJbWEwbGtTM00xSzRWV1NHTnpkakJIVXJRSFJJZERldkpqYndZelMxcEhac0IxWjVnbVlPdFVlbmRuY3Z0aWR5RkRNdE4zUzNjM1prZG5lcGxtU1FwbmJaZG1hWVpEVXE5MGRqVm5TV3BtVzM5aU1NSmxla3AxY3d3MlV4UlVidzRXV1A5bVV3STFkTkJIYnA5Q2RTSkVldHRtZDZWbVFWcFhOUWhsU0RSMGFCUkdPSmxtVnpObU1NcDNOUjlXWlZOek54TkZkNE0yVkRoV1F4SlZWVUJUVDNoV1Q1SVZjSVJGZE9wMWRwWlRPdVp6YjJsbVkzbEdjcUpIWjBva2NqNTBZeVYwVHFGVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", captain news tamil
http://?PVlIZG9WRmNtRkhkdGhGTlZaemN3UkRObU5WYUUxV1phZFVUdWRqZEtaVFMxTWtNdFozTW9CWFdtNUdOS1IwYjYxMGJUNTBjMDhTWnpObVNuUnpMT2RITmhkMlY1ZG5lQ2QxUjN3ME10SlRPaVZrVnh4V2NSdGtNbFowYTFGMktqQjNaNlIxUUJsM1N3TTNOeHRTVlNaM2FuVmxiMUJsUzBWalNyRjBaQ0JIUmlobVFySUVjeUVGY1l4V1k2ZFdSREptVFBwbWNya2tTb1JtYjFzaWRUNUdNczFXZHNkRWFWQm5RckJqTlZOa2MzNTJhMzhrU3RaMlFVUlZhczFtYzFRa2FodGthbVZYV2l0VVZzbGtaYWRWWnp4R1d5OHlWT3BuY01CMVoxY1Vkd1Z6WUxWbFVwWkhNNlJEVWl4V2RqRkRWbHQyVHUxa2VuUlZXQ0pYV3dnalE2ZDJieVIzWm9KVVVwRjJTdTFrVFBKbmRqZFRUM2xFZXhCMVNaOVNlclpXV3c5RWFDaEhONUZ6THpkRWI2WkRSSEZETXpKVmRpMUdlbnQyVHdjbmRScDBaa05WWTZWRFdyRkhNc0psWVRwSGVzRjBieFpVYzRrblptZEZkMUZrTldGRFdabEdTVXhtWXJsMWR6UUZPRUoyWnhOMlYwSXpLMmhXTnhKMFRKdFdjNWcxUmh0Q1IzeDBWckZVTVFGbldraFVTWGRXYlRGalJGaERPenBuWVhKV1FVTkhUcFJ6Wm5SMmN3MVVPNVVrWnJsME1RSm5XdjBtVHFaRk01OWljRHhtU3RWMlN0UjJRMlprYjNoMmNOUkRadFZuZFk5bU51TmtTeGxHYXZwMVlWVlhWMTQwTDVjSGRLTmxlTFJUUXh0V1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", captain tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", care world
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", cartoon network
http://?PUFIZG9WRmNtRjNadGhGTlZaemN6UkRObU5WYUVWWFphZFVUdWR6YUtaVFMxTWtNd1ozTW9CWFdtcEdOS1IwYjYxRWNVRmxiUVpUT3AxRWRzbGxSUVZuUlU5Q09WTm5kTzkwWlBWelZyZDNacVpEY21CWGFPZEZWV3hHYkJkWFo2QjNUMUpFU1FWM2RwQlhUWEpUUnJZM2RscFVOckJGT3FORmVPcGtldWhYTnlZMGE0OHlaTkpFTTNOVVE1VldZVlZqUlUxbVQwWW5XNnBGYkNkbVZ2aGpNeUIzVXY5a1pHeFdhRWhWYktwSGFzTjFWbU5YYjJsVmJROUdhMGtHY0xCWFZqZEZlVUZHVkM1a1l2dGlNRVpUVURGWFF4bFZPTjlVYWg1R1daaFdWdGRXU1RGV1FuZDJVUVZuV0VoRGUzc1NNUzFVTnV4V052QjFUM2dtVTRobmRoaG1hMEVtUXlkSFUwUmtVckVIYTVzMk5IWmpSbXAyWnhFbmNKQmpaNWhWYm05aVRGVkhVTTlVVHh0MGNpQnpkTUZIVHZoWFdyMUVha0ZuUzJJelMwUnpjeEluWUtwVlNuUjJSeFJIWjRwWFR4d2thVzlrZHlCRlVobFZhNkZVZVNabVcxZEdNTFJYVmx0R2EzQURiamxGYW9SV01tRkZkVGRtUW5aald0Wm1hYWgzUTBVMEx0aEhSeVkyZDJwR1Q2aGxXa1YzYmlWbVNCZEhadkJqTXI0RVN4d21jcEJsWVdoRGQyRW5hd0VIYXlSekt6QmxTelJIVHVOallDQmplekprYktOalp5Qm5Xd2NIT3lOSE5JNVVPdjlTY0tKWFdXaEVTMmhXWTRWald4RW5kRVIxY05sVWJyUVdZdkV6SzRsVlA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", cartoon network hindi
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", cbs
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", cbs drama
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", cbs justice
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", channel 4
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", channel 5
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", cn plus hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", cnbc uk
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", cnbc usa
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", cnn us
http://?PWNHZG9WRmNtRkhhdGhGTlZaemM1UkRObU5WYUV4V1phZFVUdWRUYktaVFMxTWtNclozTW9CWFdtRkhOS1IwYjYxMGRUTlRSUlJVTjBKbFZ2SkhTaXBYVDJralF1dDBabmQyWkpaVlYzTjJiWTVXTVU5R2VSUlhScGRYY1BoWFIwQW5UM1YyYjYxa1pKOVdWcUZVUjVwWGU0TjNNMjhXYzBkMVRrRkhkQmQyU0laWGNtVjJia3BXV0dSMVluVmxRVUZtWXRKWGJISmtXcU5IYXhCRlQxcDNTclpsVDRSVlMyQkhlc1JFWm5CM2RFbEZjaVIxYjZwVlRJOUNOVnBYUmxGbVZ5SVdkbXBXUmxsME4wRjJNbDlFUm9CWGJvbGtVNlZXY2gxMFZ5TlhOclpWWVdKRVZ4OTJWamhWVTA5U2NSdGlkeG9IZDRkWE1RWjFiaGxXTkIxMFk1RWthelYzYlZSMmExbDJUa1owTk0xV1NaTkZUeUprYXZrVWNYMTJNeGxVWjYxV1F1dEdSR2xXTU5GbGV4WjJkREozTXZWRlo0Y0ZhaXhXTTBWa1NtRnpidmdWVFpOVGNvcDBVWkJUVzJFbk11RlhTTVJtZUlKMmEyZ1hUdHBVZTRGMGJxaDNNMG8zVUZsM2NPUjFhRVJUT3FWbGF5cFVUTDEyYXp0V1JRVnpkcTltYjU4a1ZxcEdUM0ZXWXZsbWMyUkZkM1VtY01aVE1FRmtWczFHZGxoMkx5Rm5ZNFozWllWSGFDSm5VWWxtUnZOVWRhSlZkMWduYjA5aVoxQWxlYVJIYlk1VVN3Sm1ldGQyTXpkWE14RUZjMFFtYmgxMFo2aFZOb3BWWk9aWFpwdFdVek1HTzFSa2NSRmtkWmx6TnFsVlA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", colors bangla hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", colors cineplex
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", colors gujarati
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", colors hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", colors kannada hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", colors marathi hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", colors super kannada
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", colors tamil hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", colors uk
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", court tv mystery
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", d sports
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", dave
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", dd bharti
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", dd chandana kannada
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", dd national
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", dd news hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", dd punjabi
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", dd sports
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", desi music punjabi
http://?PUlIZG9WRmNtRm5kdGhGTlZaemM1UkRObU5WYUU1V1phZFVUdWR6YktaVFMxTWtNb1ozTW9CWFdtaEhOS1IwYjYxRWJSRkhWdU5tVnRKVWVsbERTWDFtZXFWalFNbGtiMU0xZHpFVVNuWm1VUHBrU21KM1lvNTBUUU5sYWlKVmQzcDFScVZrU0hObmF6cDJRdGhEY3ZFVWJXbFZVVUpWTjZoVE9FVjJjeWsyWVBkMFVxaEZjNHMwWjZSbWRuWjBNdjlVWXZnbVNWSm5jV0ZWYmtGMk1zOVdWelJuWk1wbFR2Z0dib1oxUWxwbGQxRUVXdlZIWnVCalJRcG1idHgyUTFFVll0QlRhdlJWTkxObU4zUjFiNEZqU0I5V1EzTlhXRGwzYll0MExMcDFLMFZWWTZ4RVQwbzNWSlIxTXlnMmFheGtUME5EVnJWemF6Z2pWSWxHY1pCblRJaG1jUHRDUjFvblFxUkVjMFlWVzR3V08yVVRRYXAwYW5aMFZaMUdaeVZITmtkVmJGZG1OcUptVjBkRGRqVjJMbkpXWnBSWFJTOUdPNTlHT3NSV1ZvZHphWXAwTDZGVE91OTBjV1ZFU250Mkx2TUdUd2xYYzVCMVk0RTJLcUJIV3hZMVkzOUdkNnRTTXlaM2I1WlZTbEJGZG9sV2JGTjNSdTkyWXE5V1ZaRmtiM0pXY090R1NxUlVUWVZuVmlWWFUxa25RNGx6YnRKelFJbFZacWwzWkVwSE96dEdNSU5GYVBGVWVZOUNWQnRFY3pWRE80b1ZiWlZuTVA1bWVXQkRkRmxVUW9kRk01NTJVa3AyTUlGWGNvdEdVRlZrYnlVMUxvRkZPMTEyTnRGbWN0Vm5lNUVFVW5WRGV3aEVabWRGVnpkV1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", discovery hindi hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", discovery kids
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", discoverychannel
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", disney international hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", disney junior
http://?PTBHZG9WRmNtRm5jdGhGTlZaemMzUkRObU5WYUVsV1phZFVUdWR6ZEtaVFMxTWtNdlozTW9CWFdtdEdOS1IwYjYxa2VUZEVkU3QwTnI5ME53SWpXTmxIUlRoa01tOWlkMXgwTllWeksxTldPa04yYkxoSGRZdHlZdzVHZEd0VWVZdFNZNmxFTmxkMVNGVlhkbzFXUXdVVWU1UVVadlUwTHpSVmFWQkhOTTVXU2s1bVZ2UkVjNE1VVFpSM2MzQmxjTjkwU3djblV5MFVUUmxXZUh4MEthaGxVdXBXTWtaRU5TcG1hc1JrTW9oRmF1RkZNSEZEVjM1a1pVVmpRUXBIUzBrRlRuSjNidEIzWTM4V2VuUlZPUE5VZHd4bVd4cFZOT2hEZHhvVU1TdGladkZrWlhCRk9CUlhaNFVEV3ZRV2NYRlVTbDFHWndaSGQxaFdXUGhuUjNabk0zdENjelp6YzJVRGV0OWlOeUJYUU1GblJSTnpaRVpUZUlkVU1LTlROc05YYlQ5eVF2QW5kVHAwUU1SRWMwZG5ST3hrYjJWMlRwbEhiNXRtU3RsSGU1ZG1kcE5qY2h4MFRyUmtOUWRtVFRKbmJSTjBUNW9uZEdKelo0aFViMmxXTTNkMWFuQm5kREpHZHh0bWUzQVZRc3BsWjFKMVVyOGtkbXgySzRVV1J1bEVhNE5WVFBWM1l1MTJTNGwxY20xV1FGUlhhazkyZFROelVHWjBLNXBXYUQxMmF6Z1hTNVUwUXZKbWV0cFdkbEoyVjZCbGJ5UTJaNFlIUndoRE8wZ0dlbXR5TWtsRk9vbFhUaWxUY3pZSGMyaDJkd2hXYkV0aU5uUlVUMmRsUzFWblEzazJTNUZEY01GemNHUlZjNGhHYnFGVlA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", disney xd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", drama
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", dunya news pk
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", eden
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", epic
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", etv telgu hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", euro news uk
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", film 4
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", flowerstv
http://?PTBHZG9WRmNtRm5idGhGTlZaemN1UkRObU5WYUVsV1phZFVUdWRUYUtaVFMxTWtNNlozTW9CWFdtOUdOS1IwYjYxa2RSRkhUUnRtTnJCWFl4VUdObWRIU3lnV2VTZFdkUTlpWVNObmM0Vm5RSFIxYlVsM1F5VW5ZWFYzZENCbldpbEdkdmhGZGtWbVFYaDNLd1lsZEN0bWJoeEVPc05WUjZCWFVEbDFkWmxYTWhKRVJ4NGtiaUZHZFRkVmR5ZDJWUHAwY3djMktwTkRjMTEwY1NaVGV6c21TNjUyUUhCVmFWeDJVMWxVV3pOR2RXVkZaMUowVnRWM2I0Qm5UUGRXY1F0MExhdDBaNG9rWm85a1p2aEZVMEVXTzJkWFFZVm1Uc3RtZVlSR1YxOG1hdlpuZUdwMVR6OG1lSDEyYW1Wa2FzVjBLd1JGTnVCblF3MEdhREpIT1AxVVM1WTJaMXdXUk9OamJyVlhWemsxVDJwSGNzNTBhRlpIZFlaM2NMQmxZelJXYVROMlk0Rm5hNUYyYm1OV2JZSldXWTFrWjFabU5EdFNhUnBYWXdGM2NNcFhiNEJUYzBWelJzZG5WSnBtTlc5R2RhSjFURFIwYm1wbVZhSnpZdUZrVjJBVlpGVm5iRVIyVTVoSGVQaGpVUWREZDJSalVLdDJUTlJYY2hSM1EzSjJaV2RWZE5CamNxQlZUSVYxVWxSblVabDNiNFVuZTU5VWVPTmtlcGxqTlJkRWFPWjNNaE5IT3FwVmNRQnpRVFZ6TTJWMmIySVVWRk5YZFM5eVR6RVhhWGh6VHJaRGJyeDJjelJqYUgxR09EUlVaMGczYXpZbldvUlROckZIVWpwMWNFaEdaU1J6ZGlWMmQzRkhTdlVrTXVkWFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", food food
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", food network
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", fox news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", fx
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", fxx
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", gemini comedy
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", gemini movies
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", gemini music hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", gemini tv  hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", geo
http://?PVFIZG9WRmNtRkhkdGhGTlZaemN5UkRObU5WYUVkV1phZFVUdWRqZUtaVFMxTWtNNlozTW9CWFdtaEhOS1IwYjYxMGJSWjBLMGcyS3Z0bVRtdFNNSFZIV0c5a05LZDJaT2RWYXlNWGN3UjJLWk5uZW5wWFJyVURSd2RsYTRSa1I2SkRXdFJuUk9oVGR6aEhVSVpFYXpZRWV2WVZPdGxtYXcxR2RIaERiR1pIU1ZOM2JTOWtkb1J6TjJabWR1OUVNREZFTW1obWMwcG5kdmtuYWpaV1JyUkdNM1JXTTBKVU50cEdNNkJYZXc0MGJ0aFZkNTAyTHZ0R1dLWm1jd2xtWTI5V2JqMTBaSjlpVHlvbWJuaG5VSzkwSzJsSE5xMUdaaWQxYkZSa1ZzcDFiNjVVTTF0bVVWdFdTMUowZFE1MmQzNG1VaDlDY3ZsVmRDSkhXNHhXWjJ3MlRzNVdlSU5qY3BSbFc2OVdacmgyTGpwWFQzWkdNNjlTYVI5aVRCcDBTd3RDV09GRlYyZ25lekVXV3FkVGM1TVhkMkVuUTNGVVo1bERPeGNIV0VsSE56RWpiUUJqZDFWek02Wm5OSE5tTVUxR2R6cDNjMDBHZXpnRWNabEdOM3hrYm5aRWN1UkhXVlJGU0g1V2M1a1ZXNGhuWXhwMlNvZFRNUkJuUW1KRVo1UWtjWUZqVHNaa2NycGxWR3BWYnBWbmEwc3lRMjFFY1pORFp3ZGtkdWhETUxablJCTm5lNGhIVjVKRmE0WlVPRE5tWXpsVWFNaFdhWmwyVHlOeksxTTBibjFtWVBSbWVyTkZTdkIxTVdkbmI1SlVRRjVFY29kSFo2MVdTdkJqYVZWMlJOaFhPNFltVlV0Q2FhdDBZeEUyYndsVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", geo news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", geo super
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", gold
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", gujarat | india news gujarat
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", gujarati | gstv news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", gujarati | mantavya news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", gujarati | sandesh news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", gujarati | vtv news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", hbo east
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", hgtv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", home
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", hum tv hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", hungama kids
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", india news punjabi
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", itv 1
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", itv 2
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", jaya
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", jaya max
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", k tv hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", kairali news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", kalaignar tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", kannada | dighvijay news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", maa gold
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", maa movies hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", maa tv hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", maa tv server-2 fhd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", malayalam | manorama news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", mathrubunmi news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", mazhavil manorama
http://?PXNHZG9WRmNtRlhidGhGTlZaemN6UkRObU5WYUVoV1phZFVUdWRqZEtaVFMxTWtNcVozTW9CWFdtWkhOS1IwYjYxVWJSTlVNSDVrUTY1MmJwaG5WbDkyUTNnbmUwNEVkNThVVXNkbVoxUmpWcUozTjFkbld5WWtVU04xWjVsbVNuRmthdWgwTFpCM05CZEhSRkowTTZ0VWVQSmpZRlIzUXR0U2ExbDFZWlozU3ZGemNOSm1jbjlpWTFSV1Y1Smpic3hrUm1GSFJpVm1USGxtYnhwMU1XdG1ReEJETWFGa1RZRlhUQ1ZUTjI5VWI2bFhhMlFGWjBsVFNTSm5RMzQyVlpWMFZzNUdlNUpqTm14a1dvaDNNMVpUWjFOWFZCaFZVNEJWYUVOMWNsdFNWeVpET3RKRmRYZEhTM2xVYlNGWGV3aDBRdHBWZDRSamNTOTBkMGMyYzRJRloyazNiMEkwTDFBbGFyZDNZRmhEYTRkV1ZwSmxTcEZUYkZsR1V2eFVZMmhXUjRKSE94Y1hURjlFY2k1VWNXNUdOU3BWUjJaSGJCVlhlSDUyTEJKVmF1VjBhWGhEVllCemR1aFRlMHNXU05SblJrUm1UNlJFZVBsalpxbDNkc2RVVDNoVlNVSlhRSk5tYjFNM2NLOTJLcmduUzI1RWNqWkdPVVpYYjFvWE4wVUViT2RYTkhwbGV3Tm1id1lEY1ZobVZLdG1VVjFHYm1wM05oZDFiNXBHZU41RVp4OEdSek5YWUc1MGR2dDJRMlYxVnk1VU5GQm5iNWgzU3pnVVVWOUdiNGdYYlFsbU51Tm1TcE5VVWFoWE9RQnphNGtXYnNoRU8wZFVRb2hVV3hZRU1LNTJWRVZqU01OMWRKQjFRUDVFTnpkV1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", mh1 punjabi hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", mtv beats
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", mtv india
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", nat geo channel
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", nat geo wild
http://?PWNHZG9WRmNtRm5jdGhGTlZaemN0UkRObU5WYUU1V1phZFVUdWRqY0taVFMxTWtNblozTW9CWFdtUkhOS1IwYjYxMGJUcDFSclluTW9aM1lscEZPblozVEpKWE9JWmxka2xIUjZsamFxUlRhQk4xUnJvMmQzWTBNT2RrZHlVMVZVTlZUbkZUUjBrbWJLSlhhMWRtYk1aR2RYbDJkWVJYTnNSbVNzTkVWWXBIU3pvR1pSSlRjQ0ZsU3hValo0dDJMUnBYZFBsbVpvcEhPeHBVYnJCek1qTmxhM0JUY3l0MGJHMTJjbGwyTHpWMWFVaG5ScklHTjUxMGJ5Z3paRTkyWTJoRVZ3UnpibnBuWnd4ME01SlZOcVIzYUlOM0s1ZG1XaUZFYm94bVR5bDFkcUJEU3hvRlV5dEdWbU4zSzE0a2NRaEdhUkoyUnNoRGR3NG1adzRXZVRKR2J5STJidk1FY0VoRGUzMWtWUnBFVklSSE95WUdldUIzZDNKRVNGRkVlcWxYUU9aSFR5UlhSNVVHT0lOR2J6SkRPMlF6SzVKMFRTVjBMcWwyZDFKa2JHTldjNkowTW1KWFd5aGxlSEpEUm9GM05LTjJTSDUyYjRkMlZWaFZRc3hHTlV0Mk5JeG1RTkJWWTVkR2N6SkZaNDFtVDRCWFp3VjBUNlZIYzFCelFRVnpaeVFHU1FSMkw0RkZlMlFVWjAxV1YzZ1Vld0UzWnZGVFJuaEdXdXRrV21kRlVXZDNkdVYzVjJsa2U0QlhiSFZGVHBOWFd2eG1aYU5IV0doWFlwWjJjMmtrZHpRVE0xdFNaNmxHTjNvWFdhTkVUYVprZDNSRVd4dFdWbzltWVR0MFNRbDJNTEZVTmhkMmFoQmplSUprTW9GVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", national geographic hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", ndtv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", ndtv good times
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", news 18 rajasthan
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", news 7 tamil
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", newsmax hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", nick jr
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", nick plus hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", nickelodeon
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", pitaara punjabi tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", pogo kids
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", polimer tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", prime asia punjabi
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", ptc chakde
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", ptc news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", ptc punjabi
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", ptc punjabi gold.
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", ptv sports
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", puthiya thalaimurai
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", raj music kannada
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", raj news kannada
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", raj news malayalam
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", raj news tamil
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", raj news telugu
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", raj tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", republic tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", rishtey uk
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", romedy now hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", saam tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sanskar
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", satsang tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", set max
http://?PWNIZG9WRmNtRlhldGhGTlZaemMyUkRObU5WYUVaWFphZFVUdWREYUtaVFMxTWtNNVozTW9CWFdtMUdOS1IwYjYxVWRUbFZRU05sVXBaRmJXdEdVNUEzWURWbWJEdEVieFp6YTFBblUxcEhPc1ZVY1o5bVdwbFRNTEpEY1JkMlRqbERVM3hXUVo1R2NOcEdVdEZqYnhwa2JySW5ZbEpFUzVaa1ZDWkRXa0ZuVXRsM1R6ZEdjemtIVjJOVE5waFZWWDlFTXFobVYyZ1hSUVIyYUNOVWJsaDNhMVYyVjJJMktNUm5TckpqUmlORGROaFVPUWREYXpwVVRQdEVkRDUyY3ZOblJhaEhjMFYyTTJrR01wZEZPMHRTT0xCM0t2SVZaNGwzY0o1bVNxUmtRb3BWUjBGSFJhZEhVUFowWVdabmMyTTBNeGhFTjU5RWVIOUdlSXhHTjBsa2VMVkVjTHRVUjROVFo1cEdUTXBsZFc1MlFhUlRiUmhIZE0xa2RyNG1kc0prUXpsMlZGSjNhNFYzTVBSRmJ2dDJZWTkyYTBkRU1XRjBZS3BYYnhva1V0RlhiTEYyZFVaMFEzbEhNQzEwVVZ4MmFhSkRVNG8yYlRwM1ZHSldXd3BsWkk5V09FcFhkSU5WT3lZVWRqVjFjekYxVjN0RU92SXpTNThtYmE5a2VKbG1lellIYzJzU05xeGtUMWhHUnI5R2FNdENWNWNXZFpGVmVVaGxhNHAzWjRRMlZ3Z25TdWRGUkhaR2IzcFVZNHdFY3RoamRyQlZhSk5IYTFwMkxqeG1lTlYyUTUxR09yTjBZM1UzWUpwMk5pdENXNWtuYTNCelVSOVdjcnBVVTFWalUxc21OWFJYVDVNMGQ1OEVkaWRUUW5kV1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sirippoli
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sky cinema action
http://?PWNHZG9WRmNtRjNkdGhGTlZaemN5UkRObU5WYUVWWFphZFVUdWR6WktaVFMxTWtNeVozTW9CWFdtcEhOS1IwYjYxVWVSZGxZeDVFZW4xMmQ2WlZSM1JYUzFZR1RPbGxjTDVrYnp0Q1Y1ZFRjTWRtYUpCM1J3eDJiQlJXZWtwblNVTnpiclZrVnVwRldCbEhUMFZYYUxKM1pKcGxONjkwS3VoSFMzUWtZUXBXZVNSalF0VkdiNUExYlB4a05yaGxVVDVFY3RWSFNaZGxkTHRVYTNvbFoxY1RZczlrZVBKVGRwTkhWeWdWTjBkWGJpVlVRT0pFVzNKSE5rcDFVbHRXZTJwbk00UUdieklsZGF0MEt1NVVkMFIxYVl0MllzZGxjeFZqYnZNVVZQZEhjdHBYV0daVlpWSm5kTEpuVG1abmRySmtXTHAwYnNkalNQSmtVQlZYV05WVGNreFdhdkJUWllKemQ2ZDNaS2RXUTJBWE5ya1dlUmwzZHh0Q1ZoaFdacFpuWWxaWGJyUVhkNUp6Y09sM2RGMVVaejFtUjNSMmIycDFLYXRtY25kRlNYVldhNWgyZDNWM1ZxOTJUS05XTW01Mll6VldhdWhVYTRjSGF3UTNLNWhXYzNjbVEzY0hlR2xsVDZSMmFMbFVUT3RDZXpObmJqaEZSMHhHVEN0VVR2VURjQkIxTE5WRWUzZEZORmQwVVZ0V01NNW1Ub0ZXZUx0bWEzVkZVNVJsVHdKWGNtQm5Xb2hWVXVsamRHSlZZeFkwTDJ0MmRIbGtaRGQzUUlSMFR3OHlkUjlXTUpGM2N5OW1SMWNrYTF4V2RpQkZXNUJIYXV0a2JzSm1Ud3hXTnloMktoRm5jT0ZtZHdobGNwaEhPNUVVZHNWVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sky cinema drama hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sky cinema family hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sky cinema hits hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sky cinema premier hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sky cinema sci-fi hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sky cinema select
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sky cinema thriller hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sky news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sky sports cricket
http://?PVFIZG9WRmNtRm5ldGhGTlZaemN2UkRObU5WYUVOWFphZFVUdWRqY0taVFMxTWtNeFozTW9CWFdteEdOS1IwYjYxVWFVTjNaaDUwTndoa2NYaEhidmNIYWFKalVsZEhjTEZVTW1KVVU2bHpLQkZITTJFSGFaVjBOcWxsYzN4bVNUbFdPcmxUWVJkMGJxbEdWemdYVGx0MmRGeEVhc2x6YnE1bVJtSjNjYUZYTTJnV01oZEVkNGczU0NKV1VvdFNlWVJEUlJWbk1DVnpSWmRrZXpaWFR6UmtjeEJqTTVOV1dDaEhkdjh5YVM5R2VNaFhTdlVXVHZKME1LZFVXWHBuVVF4MlNUWmpjQmxFZFR4V2VxUm5VaU5GVUlGWFZqSkZiekZUZXlvRWF4c0dVbzltVTRWamQxdDJNUDVtVk9WbGF4WVVlRTFtVzNCSFVFSlhWVWRYVGp4V1l3TTJiNUpqYkhSamUxeDBMSlpIUnJNWGUzRTBTS2QwYmtOM1FHTlVkNGhVYnljVmROUlhTT05WTURSV2FpVjFaVUpYT3FWRlVwbFZWejhHTWg1R2J2SmpjSVZHVHpkbWN6bDJORnBtY3QxR09EeEVaSDkyYXpKVk41Vm1OdFIwU3NobVZ0RlhiNVlrYlpsMGNwbEdPbkJuU3VKa2R1RkdUWlpuYkU5VVF3Y1Vibk5qYldWMWE0RnpWNGxHYVhsR1Z5UUdhd0FUZFJsbFo0Z3pReVpEWk9oV1ZwcDNNakZtUkN0V2UyRldWaGxVWjRSM1Exd2tZd2RIY0doblp3UTBaWUIzUlBwbFl3dFVjaFpFZFYxV01HSkdjYWxEZVVGellDbEdONlpGZW5WM1ppZG1lU1ZXWVRGM2FzcFVWNTlVZTNGVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sky sports f1 hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sky sports main event
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sky sports premier league
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sony entertainment
http://?PWNHZG9WRmNtRlhidGhGTlZaemMwUkRObU5WYUVwWFphZFVUdWREZUtaVFMxTWtNNVozTW9CWFdtdEdOS1IwYjYxRWJSeDBkemwyYXhKVFpMbGxkNXRtV2p0U09JZFRkWXBHYWpaRFZ6bG1kQnBHY3BGSGVIRkdiS2xXZEUxV094TWpZNGhWWmhobWVPTlhkVEJIZGpOamI1RkVjYVJUUm5WblozUkdkQzkyVjRzRVZCTjNkS2xUZUhCbFR4bFRXRnhVVHRsMlZpQmxaVHBVZHpJM1ZwZEVWM0JUYTFNMmJhMTJRMHNtY3kwMFpUUm5aa2gxS3NwR2FIRkhOb1ZYVnc4RU94SVViTmxFTzNJRmR2bG5SeTQyWXhrR1ZLNVVUaGRWYjJobVpJUm1ld0YyWjFnMU4waDJaMVJuZXJBamVJbFVaeThVWnpSV2FSVkdieEZuY0s1bVVaaHpiMk5rVTBVa1lyQlhZQ2hYZDFnMlYxOEdOVXBrYUg1VU1PaDNhM2wzVFZwVk1yODJSMU5GYklCWGRYaDNhNVFYY3NkR2EwUTFVeWxXZE9GSFpseDBaWkpWWTN4bVoyTnpkNWtWV3NobVZWWm5kbVIxYXhoMGNMbGpjdDlTT2hOMFJYZFhPeElWV3pnVmRtOVVXeGdqZHlaM0x6QTFZeWQzYzJ0MFRoSjFiMGRqWlBWbmFuTkhVTlYwYVlKSGVISldUa2RIYjZ4MllwWlVaNUIzYTU5R1JaQm5Ob1pYWnJFa2U0WTFRc05EVnloemMwWldjdmhXTjZOelN3MUdlRUpWVXJRa1l2dDBMaFJtV3pNbloybG1jMGwyY01kMVQzRmxhemhXUzVobFU0WjNaaDFtWU5oWGQzUlhjTGwwVjMxVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sony entertainment hd
http://?PWNIZG9WRmNtRm5kdGhGTlZaemMwUkRObU5WYUVwV1phZFVUdWR6YUtaVFMxTWtNeVozTW9CWFdtaEhOS1IwYjYxVWVSbEZiRkpIZG4xbVRUZDNWQlpYY1ZaelVNbDFabWhsV3daRlUwVlZVMFIwUURoWGN2WjJacUZYYjVRRU9HSkRhbjkwYXlaVWFyazJUUTlFTTNaMWQzRTBMdmwxUnhKbVFDVldXUlZuWTEwa05LUkhheFpGUzNBSFY2WkROWEJGWjZWM2N2UTJWME1UY3FaMFR6ZEhkd1JVU0d4MGQxd1dXVlJVVXlsRmQwSkZaVVJuUXk5MEtDTlhZM28zYkdGVE12d21lQ04xUW9sRWM1cDFMbEoxTUtWbldqUlZleTBHZHFKbWF6a0dielJtV0lGRlIyMEdjb3hVWW1CbmFQWkhiMFJGTjBGVE9IcDFSdzhXTnJJRU8wUURicXBYVWxoVWV3SmpVd1VVWXdKSE0ybFRUNWxUYXdSemJ2cDJOdlZUZWxCblVzOUdST2hUZW1OMWRHcDFNd01tU3JwVWREeFdOa1YzWnpnRWNobDFhdmNUYk5samQ2bDBSNTVHTzNnR09zWjJMc1ZYY054R2NFbFRScU5sUVRWRlNzNW1RNU1YZXRsbmNabFhlNDkyY3BkWE4za0hNeXRtVE5ORFVXUmthT0ZVZENkVlZuUlhReVJEZW1GM0tQQlhUaWxEYUZkWFozRm5ic1pXVUVaM1JUVlhkUGh6VHpNa2RzMUdTbFJUWXJ0V2FFdFdaQ3AyVXhBbFQxVUdieUprTjNORFZvUkVTWmwyYU9sbVZDSjJhdUpIZUZ0V1lyY0ZaNmRsYXhzQ2FNeEdlbEYxTlVsMFpRbG1XMUZuVTBkWFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sony marathi hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sony max hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sonypix
http://?PVFIZG9WRmNtRlhkdGhGTlZaemN0UkRObU5WYUVGWFphZFVUdWRqYUtaVFMxTWtNcFozTW9CWFdtVkhOS1IwYjYxVWJUTlRPWEYzUnhaRFN4WTBNV3AzUTRGa1Uzb25hNlZWU3NKRGN5ZDBTWXBFT3RwblRDQlRXVjFFYk5GMGJzVmxUczFHVlJGbWQ0Sm5UdmQxVDBnVmN1MW1TTGRXVW9KM1ZSQkZkSWRHTVNWbFpHZFVjeEVFZHVKVFdxTnpkMFpITXlwMktwaDFSU2QxYUJaa1M1ZGpTNjl5WjBwV2NtbG1NSkZXYjYxR2JWUkdjcXBVZG9ORmJWSkhUeFIzS29OVWM1UmxlNGxtTkNoRU41ZG5lWU4wY3ZnWFZTTjNNTXBsZXZjMll1WmpUeEZqUXdvR01NbFdTb2xVZURWamRYaFRjSHRFZXZkMlY2RkRXVEJuWXJwM2JZcEdjUVIwUnlCRmFwWkRNcXRDZHB4V2IxaDFaS1IwYkMxbU53WW5hdU5IWlpsVFkxcDNUNFZYZHNGVWIzMFdicDEyS3NKSFd3SkVTUXQyYW5KV1U1OUNhVkIxTDFaSE92eGtTclkxUUNsM2FWWjFVcE5UYXJOVFkwSmtVbmxUVDI0bWJzWm5NV1ZXVFhGemNJMTBkV3BFT3VGbmJONUdWVmxYT0ZWbmUwTUhkcDFHWlloRFNxNUVkNFZVVjBoblQxZzFOdnhrYWFwMUxCRmtRdFZqUnp4MFE0dDJjbDkyVEdoemJwSkhlV2wzY25KV2VvVkZPUGRtTTU5V2JRZEdlbGxHVDFsRmN1aG5NUEpuVWkxMmIxVTJiWWxuY2t0RWI0ZGpTeVJ6WTNJaldPZEdhNXNDTWo1MGNCOVVhYVZXYjFkWFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sonysix hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", star bharat uk
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", star gold uk
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", star jalsha in hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", star jalsha movies hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", star plus hd
http://?PWdHZG9WRmNtRjNadGhGTlZaemMxUkRObU5WYUVCWFphZFVUdWRqY0taVFMxTWtNd1ozTW9CWFdtcEdOS1IwYjYxMFpTNVVPbHBWYjV0aVVqbERhMEluVndnME1rdDJkTnQwYUU5R1NwZEhheVkzY3pkV05rVmtkeWxGYXhSWE1VdGtaNDkwTGxSV2R0cFdaNlJrUXl0aWFobFVXUU56SzN4V1Z5SlhTcUZYWUk1V2VIUkhjSTlpUjJOa1l4SjFLUmgyYjJSM2FxTlZadk5UZDFKak0yZGtaNkZWWm01RU5EOVdSb2hYUzNKRGV4WVVSbGxEVHhOVGJITlhWWEZYUnJFVlVqbFVid2NGTVl4bVJzQjFiNGtXUXYxR2R4eFVWU0oyYkJORFVTWjNRMUZGTjRrVVVYaFhSd0FWVWl0eWFyRlZhc1JWYW5kMUs2MUdOcHBHYUdWVVpsZHpab3BtWjVrMU1xcEdVNjFtZXJWWGUwUldidHBsZXJnV2NUeFVNc3hFZDB4VVF0bFdRWUJsZEZaRGRDeEdlRGhUWTE5bWVPaFVTMzVHYnhrbmRUSmtjNUVuWVd0U040Rm1NTFZYVDJsbmFoSjBaQ0pFYm1GV1F5RURNcWxWTVhobmNNTm5WMk5UV1FOa2JvNUVVUWQzTW81RVJwbDNjeFozWnhrRWNURm1haXhVY2lSbGFxSkZkQlpVTW14V2NaQjNNMlEzYjFSV1V3UnpMb0ZtVEpWSE1QQm5Vc1YyYkZSV2UzWUhWWFZGWnlwbFZ1NW1OSUJIZVRCM0xySURlenNVV3JsbFU0TkRkSE5EZDJKM05GOVdOMmNGYXpOMVpUQkhicEpuVnRkRVdKcFhidjgwWVROamE0VVVUT3htVDVOWFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", star plus uk
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", star pravah hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", star sports 1 hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", star sports 1 hindi hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", star sports 2 hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", star sports select 1 hd
http://?PUFIZG9WRmNtRjNhdGhGTlZaemN4UkRObU5WYUVsV1phZFVUdWRUYktaVFMxTWtNblozTW9CWFdtUkhOS1IwYjYxVWNVWjJTaTVtTTBkVFNCbEZNdmgyVnE5Q01yTUVheUpsWjRGek11MUViajlpUlFSM1FuUmxVWGQzYmF0MGNCeDJhd0pWT3h0a1NRdFdhSTFrTU9OMlphNVVhTEZWVXBKMVJWUjFSek0zYVRSR1ZYTmxjTGxuYm41VVZwVmpNeXQyWktoV1I1SkVSd0EzWlpKMkxYcFdOdTVrYVlsRmFoSjNjUlJXWW1wR2N5a1VRalZWWW5wMFYxNG1UMG9uYlVkbFEyVXpidmdrVXAxbU40TkVWR0pEVTZGWFVFNWtTMXRVZE9ORFZ4RmxSMmxuYnloM1QzMVdOTU5FTnpwMlpxRm5lNEEzWXVGbVFOcFZUbjUyWWtkbllOTlVkNkpVU3doMk1yOUNXV3BHVENWbldtVmxiaU5tYWtSMVlDRm5jM2xHZHNSWFZHdDJMaGh6WTVKMmRXSldWVE5tTnpobmF2OWtNRlpIV3hKSFcxUmtjSU5VWnpVWFpzRkhNVEJGVXdKblFQQjNNTkpIYVhKSGM0VVRkM1p6Y3pSWGNreDJTUWRqVUJoRmFVaFhTYXhtZXJoSE9tRmtVVlIzYjJoVVZyRVRlbUpuVXp0a1V1aEZVdnRXU0JKblQwRjJTNkpGZVlwM0xSQjNWc1pXTjRBM016OW1RUWRsZE5wRWRNZHpiQjUwTTM1a1F6UldXdkJITVpkelVrRlZiRTUyYjJSVVcxZFhPM0ZFVndCM2RtZGxkNEVXZDR0R1pKMW1kdGgzZHBoeks1MW1TRWhqYnlJbGNqWldSb1ozVG5sVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", star sports select 2 hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", star vijay hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", star world hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", starz encore
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sun life
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sun music
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sun news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", sun tv hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", surya movies
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", suvarna news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", suvarna tv hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", tamil | discovery
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", tamil | history
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", tamil | news 18 tamil nadu
http://?PW9HZG9WRmNtRjNidGhGTlZaemN0UkRObU5WYUU5V1phZFVUdWRqYUtaVFMxTWtNc1ozTW9CWFdteEdOS1IwYjYxRWNUZGpRNEVFZTU5Q1NxTldNRnhtZTI5eUx4bzJjcnNFZE45aVkxVjBicE5YWlFCM041MEViek5WZDR4RWJRVkdWekoyVDJSV1IyMFdlb1JUT3kxa2VUTmpTMTFFVnVSV1NqVjFONWczTnZVVllsaERhYVpFT1psekt6RjNTazVVVHFsV1ZMdG1TTHRrZE1CRlVQeG1adDFFYlhGVFZ4ZFhjMk5FZXlRWGFISlRVeUpVTnRka1ZESkhkeHQyYlZ0MlpSZDJkd2RUVXlsVll4MVdRcnNHVm5sMlpVaFZhT0pGY3FORU4xRkVONVIwWjRWRmFOTlhVUWxtVEROR2Q1Vm5laEZ6S3dsSGN2Y1VUM3AyVFZKSGFyaDBiNGxVWTJrbGQzTmxlSXAyVTVKM1ZZZDJic0Z6YUY1V1FWUjNSNHhVZXdBM05McDNkaUZGY3lsbWNQWlhNdFJVUnhWRmI0SlZRdGxHZWhaVGFYWkZiMGhWUUdsR2N5RkRPbUZGTU1WbmNETmtWRE5GZHhoa01ya1RRejl5ZDNOWGF5NDJVekUxTVp0Q2VqcFVkdnBVU3FsV05LbFZXUzFtZVVCbldxUldkTjkyWXNGVFUzdDJNSWgxUnNGSGNWSlhlMEpIZWtWMllVOTJNNXBuU1p0VVJUaFdRV1ZUTUcxV2VqOWtNMlkzTXZkWGFFRkZkUlpYYkVGRk42WjBaUVJsYTJkbWUzWmpSaGxsVG9kMktvSkRheVowY3VGbVpxNUdadUptV3NWak42SlhjT2gxZDFFV2R0RlhkVnBFTXZOWFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", tamil | sony bbc earth hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", telugu | tv5 news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", ten sports 1 hd
http://?PWtHZG9WRmNtRm5hdGhGTlZaemM1UkRObU5WYUVoWFphZFVUdWRUYktaVFMxTWtNclozTW9CWFdteEdOS1IwYjYxMGRVMUVOR3RpZHlaRFVLcDJVd2tYVmFoemQwVmxhVmxuVHc4U1I0bDFZQ3BsWjFoSGRVQmphUFZFYXdGR051VkdPejlpVjJRM0s1WlhackZHYjFjMWNXQlROeEJqZXhwMllJSkZVWmhHV2xkRVU0azNiSFZ6VWlSRVU0SlZSR3BYTVVwM01pUldRelVVYzVFSFVYbGtScU4zS0NOelRLcEhNbGhVU1RSRWN6WkhjMWNuTndoVVN4dENVQlozVjJVRmFaTkVhMkYzTU9sSFVvQmpUa05XYmtOWGNFSkhkeDBrZUoxRWMyNFdUd3hVWm5OM1JyWkhOMWNIZW5sVWE0OUVPVGgwTHNOMWR1cFZVNXRtVXJSRFprSlVhdnRHVVVKSGE2ZFhkeGcwVHpBWFpVZDBheHAzY1FsMlYxUlhhdFowYjBaMlo2QlhUeFVHV0M1MGFraDNkRmwwY3NWV1UwZDNTWEpYVHo0VWJ1dG1ha2RUTkI1VVkzbFhXMUlHYXRWM1Z4cEVXWkpXZDNjRWJ3QWpVNnhHU0JKM1lyTW5NcUYxVXpRemFCbFVXTHRHZHVsbmVGQm5ONnBXZUJsalNZMW1hVDlDVUsxR2NyWmtUUUJGYU9sbVFEZDBhWnRDYWFaMWJrNTBMdU5XVm5GMFZxRm5NbkZWWURoVWJDaFRTMjRHTXlKWFpRZEdOUWwyYTFJbVNHRlZkWlowWnhSMWJ4OVNkS2xtUkR0bVQxUWxNdHBsYWlKWFREMUdjcHQwYTRCelZtUkhWSjlDZVJCVGNYbEdScFpIYnNkWFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", ten sports 2 hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", ten sports 3 hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", times now
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", toronto 360 hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", travel xp tamil hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", travelxp en hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", ttn tamil hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", tv9 kannada
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", tv9 telugu
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", udaya movies
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", udaya tv hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", uk sab tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", utv movies
http://?PTRHZG9WRmNtRlhjdGhGTlZaemNzUkRObU5WYUU5V1phZFVUdWRUYktaVFMxTWtNcFozTW9CWFdtZEhOS1IwYjYxa2FSZFZjNHhHVG9sMFlyTWxiTHBIYzZORGF5STNkV0JUV3ZJV2M1OUdhSkZUUm85R1N1eFVSMmdFYjZKWGFIaDFTcU5VYkRSa1NZbG5TQnAxY05kemJDQjFZcWhsVjFsbWQ2TnpUWkJITkJsV2N5a0RhRk5YUXk1VWF6WmtZSmhUTjJCblkyVVhhM1kwY0ZWRWN1UmtWcUZsZDJaRk0weEdXWU5EYVdwSGR1cEhibVptWTJaMlVacFZPeXRHT290aVYwQmxlTjlVTnBkR1d5dFdXUkZEUjVJWFRLWlhSV05XZXdwa1Q0cEhPNHRTU0I5a1R3VTNjenN5UnVKMmM1VlhUMzBVWTBwVlcycEhjaVJuTUlSRU01WTFhTFozVG5Oa1l0SkVlMFlUZWtwbmNYQnpVM1JXY3NWbVdVSkZaMWREYXhrWGNaZDNibVYzU21oMWQzNDJkSnAxS3A5V1NZWm1lMTBXUVJsR1N4YzNkQmRrY29Cbld2OUdNeFIyTHY5V2F6RW1XckkyZDJWVWMxVkVSMGRqV1NsMFo2aDNaS2RuWm9CVmF2TnpkcFpWZHRGalVhZGpibHRtV0k5V1NDVkVhMFFrUnpGWE5zcDNOQ2RFUzJvbVJUTkVlMUZrZUpKVlJXNW1keFptVkdwa1oyY0dTNDBtVkgxbWJIbFRUQjltZXZaSFZ5TjJaQ0JYUzBRMWQxNW1hT0pqTXdRSGNwdHlNSjlFV2tKbmF3Z1VjSzFFZXlRRVdMeEdTNVp6UWoxV2VQQjNaRnAzS2hSRWV6NDJWcUprWjZoVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", v6 news telugu
http://?PW9HZG9WRmNtRjNhdGhGTlZaemM0UkRObU5WYUVKWFphZFVUdWRqZEtaVFMxTWtNM1ozTW9CWFdtZEdOS1IwYjYxa2RUWm5NWWhrZTRCM0s2cG5OeDAyVXRobE1PcGthR1ZtYk50R2MwcDJkUlpWTWhkV1lPOUdXblptZW50MlVwZDJLb2hYZTBoaldFbG1OVk56VlZsRWRZUldhRk5uUno5MlJ5OHlVajkyUVVsMmNtRkRidVJWUkZaaloxZGphRVIwVXBsblJsUkVXNVYwYUlwMWQ0OVdiMUZFTk5oVE1rNTJVeFpqVjBWbWN4UTJaa1ozVDNSak16RmxiQmhtY3JoRE1GWm1kaFZEYUxWbmR6QlRjQ056ZGFKWGN2VlRhWGgwZDA5RVpzOUVldlJ6YndjM1ZOTm5ld2hUTnVoRmNCWjJVeXNHZTRkR2V4a1diMGQzWXFWalF2c3lja2gyUVZ4V093WjNSNUZFU0xkbmRHbEVOaFZEZVJSR1ZXNVVkd2hYVDFja05UZDNSR3R5TDFwMGREUkZPcWxVY25WRlIzMW1jMmczVTFKRE9MOUdlNE1uUVNCVlZxdEVTMlVVTnNkSFVOWm1TSnR5ZG9Sbld3aERVdkZtUms5eWJqbG5ZR2RWVlNwV2M1SjNNbGREZDV0a1J6QmxXQ2wzTjNGMVpYbEVhTkozWWE5aVcyNW1XMGtXWVBkWFFYTnpUeWREYTRoV1pocDNRMkpHYktWa1VrSm5aNWQzWUdwRWMwa1dUSzlDU3FwMWRPOVdianBXY3psM1R6UTBkdlFGTXloelVxUlhWSDEyUTVSSGVvQkRjdmhYY1VKelpJbEZld3gwYllwM1I2eG1SYWwzS05wa2RocEVjSU5YYnUxVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", vh1
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", vijay super
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", vissa tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", wetv
http://?PTBHZG9WRmNtRm5kdGhGTlZaemM0UkRObU5WYUVoWFphZFVUdWRqZEtaVFMxTWtNcFozTW9CWFdtUkhOS1IwYjYxa2RVRldNNlZXUzM5Q1JPcFdXV3BuYnlwVlR3cGtjcFZVYXpnRld6ZG1SekpUZUNSSGNvTm5jYUZWY01oMVk2UmxaNloyUm1WbGEyVVhXaE5UUkhWbmIwbFVkMEZGUnR0Q055aFhhaVpuZHJRV1lqZDBiMUkxYmlKMlVucEZid1VHY0sxV1VtaGxiM1JVY3hZMWRFSjBiMjlpUk1WbWRaWm5TSjlpU3pGVmFEOW1kNEpYWnVaVGM0SUZlMHNXTUp0bVlYSkZjNFJ6VHpVRGU0bGxiMHRDV3RsMlZrRkRhR3RVYTNvR05uRlVXNHAwVGhWbVZ2c1dUNloxYVFoMVpTbDNaQmhHZG9oMmE2cFdPNXNtVVBwbVZSZGphbDFFVlUxMk56NVdSSnRrTVd4V1RubEVVd2hqZHZobVYyd2tTcUZFZUUxMlN2WVhNdllUTVhGWGNyVVdZalZYUnh4MmNGNWtjWWRuZDFFV1YzRUVlMVJrU2wxbWR6NUdaUmhEWktsbWVsbFhjSTlFZTU5MmRZTmtkclZVY3pRall3SUhPNGRFV0psRWJydFVkUzFFTXBGVE1KRmtabUJIY3cxbWJSTlhhVUpHVW10MFN4RlRiRTUwVXlJblJJcGtkdlJEZGlsRmJwVlhWdEp6TDVWRGNaNW1UMWQyZHkwbWNZSkdWeFkxYjVWbE1hSldhT2hXZVd4VVp1VlZkNEFIV1doa2QxRlZWeVEwWU9WM01zSkdOeFZFZVlGWFJIWjFLMmQwUnpnRk14OVdWS0ZWUjFGVGJzOVVRb0YwWTNWVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", win news tamil
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee action
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee bangla cinema
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee bangla hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee business
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee cafe hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee cinema hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee cinema uk
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee kannada in
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee marathi in hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee news
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee punjabi
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee talkies hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee tamil
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee telugu
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee tv in hd
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zee tv uk
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://gitlab.com/ar13101085/ttt/-/raw/master/img/logo.png" group-title="DISH TV", zing
http://?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
